---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-10-18 15:45:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- October Daily English
---

### Working Out

### Intro
It's the begining of a new year, and that means that more people than usual will be hitting the gym. Gym membership typically `soar` after New Year's, when people make getting fit one of their New Year's resolutions.

Gym memberships are popular in the U.S. But not everyone who belongs to a gym actually spends a lot of time working out. It's easy to have good `intentions` about exercising and losing weight. Actually getting on a `treadmill` is a little harder. Ella thinks she can convince Beren to hit the gym with her.

### Dialogue
<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0005/5461_1294188406_567900.mp3" />
</audio>

Ella: Alright, let's do it. Let's go, let's hit the gym。

Beran: No way. I do not feel like working out. I hate working out.

Ella: Oh come on! It feels good. Your heart's pumping. A little sweat. You feel your muscles `ache`.

Beran: No, I have this problem. Maybe it's not a problem, maybe it's a good thing. But if I start working out too much, I get all `bulky`.

Ella: There's ways to work out where you don't have to become a body builder, you know, you just want to feel the burn. It feels so good to work out.

Beran: I don't know. I'd be into like doing some `cardio`, but I don't want to lift weights. I need to like get lean, but I don't want to get like too `toned`.

Ella: I like yoga. I feel like it's the perfect balance cause I don't like the `fast-paced` stuff, cause it just makes me dizzy. But yoga, you're getting a good core workout, you're getting lean. I like it.

Beran: I'd be into that. I'll do some yoga with you.

Ella: Sweet.

### Discussion
Ella wants Beran to hit the gym with her. But Beran isn't interested in working out at a gym. She doesn't like lifting weights, because she thinks it makes her muscles get too big. She would rather do some cardio exercise or yoga.

Although Ella likes yoga too, she also enjoys going to gym. She likes to feel her muscles ache after a hard workout. She thinks working out feels great, and there are lots of different ways to do it depending on what kind of results you want.

Do you ever work out at a gym? What do you like to do to stay fit?

### Vocab
soar *verb.* /sɔːr/
  explain: to rise very quickly to high level

  e.g: All night long fireworks soared into the sky.

intention *noun.*  /ɪnˈten.ʃən/
  explain: someting that you want and plan to do

  e.g: I've no intention of changing my plans just to fit in with his.

treadmill *noun.* /ˈtred.mɪl/
    踏步 跑步机 单调的工作
  explain: any type of repeated work that is boring and makes you feel tired and seems to have no positive effect and no end

  There were days when having kids seemed like an endless treadmill of feeling, washing, and nappy-changing.

ache *noun.* /eɪk/
  a continuous pain that is unpleasant but not very strong

  As you get older, you have all sorts of aches and pains.

bulky *adjective.* /ˈbʌl.ki/
  too big and taking up too much space

  She carried a very bulky package on the bus.

cardio *noun.* /ˈkɑːr.di.oʊ/
  physical exercise that increases the rate at which your heart works

  My workout usually includes 15 to 20 minutes of cardio.

toned *adjective.* /toʊnd/
  (of a body) firm and strong


fast-paced *adj.*
  happening very quickly

  It is myth that all older people struggle with the fast-paced evolution of information technology.

