---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-10-24 21:10:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- October Daily English
---

### kill two birds with one stone
I'm sort of killing two birds with one stone here, getting to write for "True Blood" and being able to put myself in a comic at the the same time.

Actor Len on doing two jobs at once.

### Meaning
slove two problems at the same time with one action

### Use
Life can be hard when you have many things to do, and not much time to do them. If you can, it helps to be able to do two things at the same time. If you have to go to the bank and buy food for your house, you can do both on the same trip. This is called killing two birds with one stone.

Sometimes when people have too many things to do, they can find ways to kill two birds with one stone and make life easier. You can kill two birds with one stone by simple talking to a friend on the phone while washing dishes. Or maybe, if you are cooking a meal, you could kill two birds with one stone by making enough for dinner today and lunch tomorrow. Killing two birds with one stone is nice because it gaves you more time to do all the other things you love.

Actor Len is happy he can kill two birds with one stone by writing for a show and making a comic at the same time. It's a good way for him to save time and do what he loves.

When have you been able to kill two birds with one stone?

### Examples
I killed two birds with one stone and saw some old friends while visiting my grandmother in California.

Anne says she kills two birds with one stone by cleaning her house, because her house gets clean and she gets some exercise.

We should drop off these books at the library on our way to the bank and kill two birds with one stone.