---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-10-30 21:45:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- October Daily English
---

### Bandanas  (/bænˈdæn.ə/)

### Intro
Everyone has their own sense of fashion. Some people want to wear the latest "thing", and they read magazines to find out what's trending. Other people aren't interested in what's popular. They might even try to stay away from new styles. Most of us are probably somewhere in the middle. We're curious about the newest fad, but we don't save up money to buy everything we hear about.

Bandanas has been around for a long time. They're not exactly trending, but people appreciate that bandansa are multipurpose. You can wear one on your head or around your neck. If it's hot, you can use it to dry your sweat. If you sneeze, you can use your bandana instead of a tissue. They're made in hundereds of colors and patterns. Are they fashionable? Maybe not, but they're definitely useful!

Jeff loves to wear bandansa, but Rafael worries about what people will think. Why is that? 

### Dialogue
<audio>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6574_1393809494_407896.mp3" />
</audio>

Jeff: I just can't be ready for the day until one thing happens.

Rafael: What's that?

Jeff: Strap my bandana on.

Rafael: So you're kind of a bandana guy, huh? What kind of bandana do you like to wear?

Jeff: On a typical day, paisley. You know, your traditional bandana. But if I'm feeling rowdy, maybe some flames.

Rafael: Do you ever feel like you get weird looks on the street? Maybe people think you're a robber, or a gang member, or something weird like that?

Jeff: No, I get looks of respect.

Rafael: It can be intimidating. You know what I'm saying?

Jeff: I guess, but that's kind of my edge. You know?·

Rafael: I feel like there's an affiliation with bandanas and crime, OK? And I don't want you getting into trouble.

Jeff: All I'm saying is I think I look stylish with my bandana.

Rafael: There are plenty of other kinds of headgear that you could use.

Jeff: It's multipurpose. If I have to blow my nose or tie a tourniquet on someone, there you go.

Rafael: But there are so many more things that are much more stylish. You know what I'm saying? Like sunglasses or a backwards baseball cap.

Jeff: I use those, too, but the bandana is my thing.

### Discussion
Jeff loves to wear bandanas, and he has different ones for different needs. He knows they're not trending, but he likes the way they look on him. It sounds like he wears one every day. Jeff feels like people respect him when he wears a bandana.

Rafael asks Jeff if he worries that people will think he's in a gang when he's wearing a bandana. Rafael says that there's often a connection between crime and bandanas, too, because it's not uncommon for a robber to wear one. Rafael doesn't want someone to think that his friend's doing something wrong simply because he's wearing one. But Jeff isn't worried. And he's not going to stop wearing them, either.

Do you wear bandanas? Do people wearing bandanas look dangerous, or is that just on TV and in movies?

### Vocab
rowdy *adj.*  [ˈraʊdi]
  wild, a little out of control
  
  My brother and his friends are too rowdy for me when we spend time together.

robber *n.*  [ˈrɒbə(r)]
  one who steals, thief

  There was a robber in our neighbor's house last night. How scary!

affiliation *n.*  [əˌfɪliˈeɪʃn] 
  connection or relationship to

  Anne has no affiliation with that company, so I would call Rob instead.

crime *n.*
  something illegal or against the law

  It's a crime to steal or murder.

trending *adj.*
  popular; pay attention to

  I read US Weekly to find out what's trending in the world of fashion

fad *n.* [fæd] 
  popular thing to wear or do, often only for a short time

  It's a big fad for kids to wear rubber bracelets right now.

be around *v.*
  be present; be here

  If you want to talk to me, I'll be around until 5pm.

multipurpose *adj.*
  can be used in many ways

  This dress in multipurpose. I can wear it to weedings, interviews or when going out.

tourniquet *n.*  /ˈtɝː.nɪ.kɪt/
  something used to stop bleeding, usually by tightening, such as a bandage or cloth.

  They tied a tourniquet around her leg to stop the bleeding

strap on *v.*
  put on, wear; attach

  Let me strap on my helmet before we go for our bike ride.