---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-03-29 13:53:08
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- March Daily English
---

### Sushi

#### Intro
Every culture and country has their own distinct foods and dishes. In the world of Japanese food,
one of their most famous dishes is sushi. Sushi began as a food sold in the streets in the 1800's,
but it is now known as a fancy type of dish.

In recent time, sushi has become very popular outside of Japan. People who enjoy sushi like it for
its exotic flavors of rice and interesting use of seafood and other vegetables. But sushi isn't for
everyone because the most popular sushi is made with uncooked, raw pieces of fish.

Manrni really enjoys sushi, but Brian is scared to try it.

<!-- more -->

<audio controls="">
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6863_1425877521_694720.mp3">
</audio>

#### Dialogue
A: Marni             B: Brian

A: You know what I've been craving lately, Brian?
B: Pizza?
A: No. Sushi!
B: Oh, fish?
A: Yes, fish. Raw fish.
B: But it's just raw. It's not even cooked.
A: No, it's not cooked. But that's part of the experience. It's exotic and it's got such intense flavors.
B: Every time I go, I always just like to have the ones that have vegetables in them. I'm a little scared of raw fish.
A: Really? Is it the texture.
B: Yeah, the texture is a little fishy. Sometimes the ingredients can be...Like, what's eel sauce? I'm not sure that I
want to eat that.
A: I think it's about embracing the culture and trying new things. And just being open to the experience.
B: It's vert exotic.
A: I just think it's such wonderful food. I feel like we're so lucky to be able to experience it. Especially when you go
to a good sushi place with a good sushi chef. It's magic.

#### Disscussion
Marni really wants to eat some sushi. She enjoys the different flavors of sushi and the experience of going out to a sushi
restaurant. Marni thinks that Brian should stop being afraid of trying new things and be open to the experience.

Even though sushi is popular, Brian can't get excited about eating raw fish. He thinks it's weird to eat something that isn't
cooked. The ingredients that are used to make sushi are too exotic for him.

Have you ever tried sushi? Why do you like or dislike sushi?

#### Grammar Point
Present Perfect Progressive 现在完成进行时

Marni asks, "You know what I've been craving lately, Brian?" She uses the present perfect progressive tense.

We form the present perfect progressive (sometimes called the "present perfect continuous") tense with have/has
been + main verb + ing. We use this tense to talk about an on-going action that began in the past, is still in
progress, and may continue into the future.

For example, you might say, "I have been thinking about getting a new car for weeks." You first thought of getting
a new car weeks ago, you're currently thinking of getting one, and unless you buy one or decide not to buy one right
now, you'll continue thinking about it.

Which is correct, "Len was been waiting in line for an hour," or, "Len has been waiting in line for an hour.(√)"

#### Vocab
- intense / adj. / extreme and forceful or (of a feeling) very strong.
  He suddenly felt an intense pain in his back.

  That movie was intense. I haven't cried that much at a movie for a long time.

- texture / n. / how a food or drink feels in one's mouth. 
  I really like the texture of this soft bread.

- ingredient /ɪnˈɡriː.di.ənt/ n. / one item mixed with others to make something, usually food.
  In my mom's french onion soup, the most ingredient is cheese.

- embrace / v. / accept; become comfortable and happy with.
  My sister is much happier now that she's embraced her love of books instead of being embarrassed by it.

- culture / n. / community or group of people
  There is a great arts culture in New York.

- distinctive / adj. / easy to understand the difference between, unique.
  There are distinctive differences between apples and oranges.

- exotic / adj. / from far away; different and interesting.
  The lotus is an exotic flower.

- raw / adj. / uncooked.
  Jon didn't cook the chicken long enough. It's still raw in the middle.

- chef / n. / professional cook in a restaurant.
  The restaurant on the corner just got a new chef. You should try the pasta now. It's incredible!

- creaving / n. / strong desire of something, especially food.
  I have a serious craving for some ice cream right now.