---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-11-01 18:00:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- November Daily English
---

### Nightmares

### Intro
Have you ever had a recurring dream? Hopefully it was something nice, like eating a big plate of chocolate or meeting someone famous. What about nightmares? One bad dream can ruin a healthy night of sleep, but a recurring bad dream is hard to live with, especially if it happens over and over.

Nightmares can symbolize that something difficult is going on in your life. Some people believe that it's important to analyze your dreams to find out what you're so worried about. It might be an exam in school that is making you anxious, or a big change in your life, like getting married. Fortunately, it's quite likely that the nightmares will go away after a while. Don't lose hope!

Find out what Lily's nightmares is all about in this English lesson about having trouble sleeping.

### Dialogue
<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6463_1381169912_756900.mp3" />
</audio>

Lily: I just had the worst nightmare I've ever had in my life!

Marni: Oh, no! I'm so sorry. Are you OK?

Lily: It's like this recurring dream that I have where I'm stuck in a box and I can't get out. It just leaves me really freaked out. I can't handle it! And the box doesn't have a lid, so I can't get out.

Marni: Man, that is twisted.

Lily: Tell me about it.

Marni: You know, there's nothing that's going to ruin a good night's sleep more than having a bad dream.

Lily: It's like my subconscious has it in for me or something. All of these weird visions pop up in my head when I'm sleeping. It freaks me out!

Marni: Have you ever thought about going to seel professional help? Maybe get someone to analyze this dream?

Lily: Oh, that's a good idea. Maybe I'll do that.

Marni: I mean, if it's recurring. It sounds kind of scary, and it's clearly affecting you.

Lily: OK, maybe I'll do that.

Marni: You know, they say that bad dreams and nightmares have something to do with your real life, so it probably does symbolize something.

Lily: I don't want to figure out what it is, because I'll bet that's more stressful than the dream.

Marni: You need a good night's sleep, so I would suggest trying it.

Lily: All right. I will. I'll make an appointment right now.

### Discussion
Lily had a terrible dream. She dreamed that she was in a box with no lid, and she couldn't get out. To make things worse, she has this dream over and over. She can't make it stop, and it's starting to make her feel a little freaked out.

Marni feels for Lily. Nobody likes nightmares, and this one sounds especially terrible. She suggestes that Lily could get professional help from someone who can analyze the dream. If she can figure out why she's having this nightmare, maybe Lily can sort things out in her life.

Do you have nightmares? What happens in them? Do you think dreams symbolize something, or are they just dreams?

### Grammar Point
Comparatives and Superlatives

Lily tells Marni that she had "the worst nightmare." This is an example of a superlative.

Comparatives and superlatives help us compare people, places, or things.

There are two ways to form comparatives. For most long adjectives, which have three or more syllables, we use more, as in, "Sarah is more beautiful than Martha." With short adjectives, which have only one or two syllables, we add -er to the end of the word, as in, "Jacob is smarter than Ed." For short adjective ending in y, like happy, we drop the y and add ier, as in, I am happier now that I quit my job.

Similary, we form superlatives with the most ot by adding -est, depending on the length of the adjective. With long adjective we say, He is the most intelligent person I've ever met. With short adjectives we say, "Johnny is the fastest runner on the team." For short adjective ending in y, we drop the y and add -iest, as in, she is the prettiest girl in the world.

Which is correct, He is the qiuckest swimmer on the team(:heave_check_mark:), or He is the quicker swimmer on the team?

### Vocab
nightmare *n.* /ˈnaɪt.mer/
  a very upsetting or frightening dream

  I shouldn't have watched that movie - it'll give me nightmares.

frightening *adjective.* /ˈfraɪ.tən.ɪŋ/
  make you feel fear

  It is frightening to think what might happen if she left him.

recurring *adjective*  /rɪˈkɝː.ɪŋ/
  happening many times, or happening again

  Francis suffered all his life from a recurring nightmare that he was trapped in a falling house.

lid *noun.* /lɪd/
  a cover on a container, that can be lifted up or removed.

twisted *adj.* /ˈtwɪs.tɪd/
  bent so that the original shape is changed or destoryed

  It was nothing serious - just a twisted ankle.

subconscious *noun.*  /ˌsʌbˈkɑːn.ʃəs/
  the part of your mind that notices and remembers information when you are not actively trying to do so, and influences you behaviour even though you do not realize it

  The memory was buried deep within my subconscious.

