---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-11-13 18:12:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- November Daily English
---

### Job Satisfaction

### Intro
In the United States, the average amount of time spent at work is 40 hours a week. That's a lot of time to be spending on one thing. But sadly, many people are not happy with the job they have. Everybody needs to work in order to make money, so wouldn't it be great if everyone could be happy at work, too?

Job satisfaction can be hard to find, but many people agree that liking one's job is much more important than making a lot of money. That's probably because while everybody wants to be rich, money cannot buy happiness. Only you can make yourself happy, and having a job you enjoy could be really helpful.

Marni and Sara are talking about their jobs.

### Dialogue
<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0007/7021_1445901768_708554.mp3" />
</audio>

Marni: Oh, no! We're both groaning. I was groaning because I just cannot wait until Friday. Why were you groaning?

Sara: I was groaning because I cannot wait to go back to work tomorrow. I'm so sad that it's over for the day.

Sara: Wait...what?

Sara: I love my work. I'm so happy to be there every day.

Marni: Wow. I think that's such a rarity. That's impressive. I, on the other hand, cannot wait to be done. Friday, 5:00? I'm just counting the minutes, staring at that clock. I live for the weekend.

Sara: I can empathize with you.

Marni: Yeah?

Sara: Is your job mundane?

Marni: It's so monotonous. I just do the same thing over and over again. Don't get me wrong, it pays the bills, but it's just the same thing every day. I just like to let loose on the weekend. Go crazy!

Sara: I love the structure of the workweek and of my job. I'm just so happy to be there.

### Discussion
Marni and Sara both start groaning at the same time, but as it turns out, they are upset for every different reasons. Marni is mad because she doesn't want to go back to work. Sara is mad because she wishes she was at work now. Can you believe that?

It's ovious that Sara has a very high level of job satisfation because she likes the structure of the workweek and loves to be at her job. Marni, though, just counts down the minutes until the weekend and spends a lot of time staring at the clock. It's sad that not everyone loves their job, but that's just how it is.

Do you enjoy your job? What is the best job you can think of?

### 