---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-11-13 21:45:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- November Daily English
---

### beat around the bush

### Quote
I'd rather have honest relationships, becuase life is too short to beat around the bush. Honesty shows that you really care about someone.

Actress Hilary Swank, talking about the importance of honesty.

### Meaning
talk about something important without saying it directly.

### Use
When you have something important to say, what do you normally do? Do you say it right way? Or do you wait until it is too late? Even though we know some things are important, many of us often beat around the bush.

To beat arounf the bush means to talk about something without actually saying what needs to be said. For example, if Jane wants to berak up with her boyfriend, but only tells him she is a little unhappy, she is beating around the bush. It would be better if she honest and just broke up with him. Or, if your friend has a delicious-looking sandwich, don't beat around the bush. Just ask for a bite!

Actress Hilary Swank thinks that it is important to be honest and not beat around the bush. She thinks that honestly shows you really care about someone. It's always better to just tell the truth.

Do you normally beat around the bush? What do you do?

### Examples
Stop beating around the bush and tell me what happened.

Jack never beats around the bush. If something is on his mind, he says it immediately.

Don't beat around the bush. Tell me what you really think. Do you like my shirt or not?
