---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-11-22 09:26:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- November Daily English
---

### Web Series

### Intro
In the past, people watched TV shows or movies. These were the two most popular types of videos. The internet changed this. Now, people have many choices. They can watch short videos at any time on their computers. Some people make one or two videos and put them on online platforms such as YouTube. Other people make web series. Like a TV show, a web series has many different parts.

Some web series teach people about new things, such as making clothes, studying science, or choosing a local restaurant. Other web series are for fun. They tell stories and follow the lives of different people. Web series are like TV show, but they are usually shorter. Independent people make many web series. They share their perspectives for each viewer to think about.

Jessica and Gary are talking about why they like web series.

### Dialogue
<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0007/7031_1447032933_946885.mp3" />
</audio>

Jessica: So, Gary, are you into web series at all.

Gary: There're actually a number of them that I watch.

Jessica: I guess I didn't realize that there was actually such a large veriety of web series out there.

Gary: I do love that the independent creators have so much creative control over their content.

Jessica: I know. It's incredible. And now that you can put them anywhere...YouTube and all of the different online platforms...the exposure is amazing.

Gary: And you get to, as a viewer, experience so many new perspectives and ideas that you would never have really considered.

Jessica: Absolutely.

Gary: I love it.

Jessica: We should come up with an idea and create our own web series.

Gary: Well, we do have a lot of things in common, so it would probably be pretty easy to do.

Jessica: I have a good idea.

Gary: Yeah?

Jessica: We could do something local and go around to different restaurants...

Gary: There's so many things here.

Jessica: It's so true. Just the culture of the city. We have a music scene. We have lots of comedy. That could be fun.


### Discussion
Jessica and Gary are talking about watching web series on the internet. They think that it's great that people have creative control over their videos. People can watch these videos on many different online platforms.

Gary enjoys hearing different perspectives when he watches his favorite web series. Jessica asks Gary if he wants to make a video with her, and they both become excited. They enjoy many of the same activities, so it might be easy to choose a local topic for their web series.

What is your favorite web series?


