---
title: Daily English
date: 2020-01-06 21:46:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- January Daily English
---

### Pet Parades

### Intro
Do you live with animals? Maybe, you own a cat or dog. Or maybe, you live on a farm and have a sheep or goat. What would your animal think about wearing a costume for a pet parade? Many animals are too shy or nervous. For example, if you try to put a costume on most cats, you will end up with scratches everywhere. On the other hand, some animals love to dress up.

There are many different types of pet parades. At these community events, people bring their animals and show them off. Sometimes, there is a costume contest, but at other times, people just walk with their animals through the street. They might ask their animals to do tricks. There are many different types of artistic experssion at pet parades.

Brian just went to the UFO festival, where he saw an alien pet parade.

### Dialogue
<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0007/7338_1482186735_258145.mp3" />
</audio>

Brian: Hey, Jordin, have you ever been to a pet parade?

Jordin: No, I have not.

Brian: Neither had I until last weekend. I went to the UFO festival.

Jordin: How was it?

Brian: It was really fun, but my favorite part is they had an alien pet parade costume contest.

Jordin: Oh my gosh!

Brian: And so, there were sheep that were, like, pink and blue. There were also little cats in UFO outfilts...

Jordin: What? That is crazy!

Brian: Yeah...a goat dressed as an alien insect. It was a great community event. Everyone was out.

Jordin: That's amazing! You know, that sounds great. I think about trying to get my cat into one of those costumes, and I just imagine my entire outfit and house turning into scratches everywhere. I just don't think it would happen.

Brian: Yeah, they wouldn't stand for that at all...my cats either.

Jordin: Yeah.

Brian: But it was great. A lot of the animals were playful. There were, of course, some shy ones. But it was really interesting to see, like, the artistic experssion people put into not only dressing up their animals but in a very specific theme.

Jordin: Yes, UFOs, aliens...that's crazy!

Brian: Yeha, and my favorote was a lizard that they had...

Jordin: Oh!

Brian: ...which had, like, a harness and saddle. And there was a little miniature figure riding it, like it was an alien lizard.

### Discussion
Brian recently went to the UFO festival. There, he watched a special alien-themed pet parade. He tells Jordin about the crazy animal costumes that he saw. There were painted sheep sheep, cats with UFO costumes, and a goat dressed as an extraterrestrial bug. Jordin thinks this sounds crazy, but Brian tells her that it was a fun community event.

Jordin imagines trying to put a costume on her cat. It would not work. She would have scratches all over herself. Brian understands because his cats would act the same way. However, the animal in the alien pet parade were very good. Some of them were shy, but they were all nice. Brian's favorite animal costume was a lizard dressed with a saddle for a tiny rider.