---
title: Daily English
date: 2020-01-17 16:35:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- January Daily English
---

### Fashion shows

#### Intro
Are you a clothes horse? Or maybe you were the same things every day? Either way, famous fashion designers might affect your day-to-day life and you may even not know it.

Fashion shows are fan to watch and see what new trends will be in shops. Even though most people will never own the clothes that models wear on the runway, it still affects what we have in our closets. The fashion world influences everything from paint colors that are used for homes to what the latest pop star is wearing.

Lily thinks that fashion doesn't make any sense, but Jessica thinks that it's like wearing art.

### Dialogue
<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6789_1420452313_443888.mp3" />
</audio>

Lily: I was watching this fashion show last night. And it was so silly. People wear coming out in helmets and crazy boots. They could barely walk. It just doesn't make any sense to me.

Jessica: To me, that sounds so cutting-edege. It sounds like some of those trends are coming up in current fashion today.

Lily: It's absolutely outrageous. I don't understand how that could actually translate to day-to-day life.

Jessica: Well, you never know what consumers are going to want out there. This fashion show that I saw the other day on TV featured all of these designers and their contemporary looks. And they were gorgeous.

Lily: I just think it's unrealistic, personally. It's super cutting-edge. And I guess if you are going get into fashion and it's actually art that people wear, that's one thing. what is it for? If it's not for the people on the street.

Jessica: It's like art, but you get to wear it. It's to express yourself.

### Discussion
Lily just doesn't understand fashion shows. She thinks the clothes are outrageous. What's the point of the clothes if people can't wear them in their everyday life? It doesn't make any sense to Lily, and runway fashion seems unrealistic to her.

Jessica thinks that cutting-edge fashion is fun and interesting. She feels that a lot of contemporary fashion have gorgeous clothing. Fashion can be wearing like art!

Are you interested in fashion shows? Do you have a favorite designer or shop?