---
title: Daily Englsih
date: 2019-03-23 16:34:14
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- June Daily English
---

### Bicycling

#### Intro
If you love exercise, you probably love riding your bike. It's the perfect way to travel and work out at the same time.

Riding in a city can be scary sometimes. You definitely have to pay attention to the rules of the road and, for safety, wear a helmet. When there are bike lanes, it's easier to know where you should ride. You don't want to fight for a spot with a car when you're on a bike!

Some peope ride bicyles just for fun. Other people use them for everyday transportation. Either way, bicycling saves money and reduces your carbon footprint.

<audio>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6536_1388962168_385279.mp3" />
</audio>

#### Dialog
Marni: Man, I'm so out of breath. I just biked five miles to go here.
Amanda: You rode your bicycle over here again?
Marni: Oh my gosh, it's awesome! I love getting exercise while I get from Point A to Point B.
Amanda: I know, but it's so complicated. The rules of the road are different.
Marni: Well, yeah, but they're not that different. You ride with traffic and you obey the traffic rules. It's pretty easy.
Amanda: You know how it rains here all the time.
Marni: I know.
Amanda: So you have to wear that gear. Pants, hat, coat...
Marni: It's nice to have good rain gear. It definitely helps. But I think it's manageable. The great thing about living in a city that supports biking is there are bike lanes, so there are designated spots for bikers and for cars. If everyone is courteous and obeys the rules of the road, we'll all get there saftely.
Amanda: Come rain or shine, huh?
Marni: Absolutely. I am dedicated to this. I feel so good. I'm getting so much exercise, I'm not spending money on gas, I'm reducing my carbon footprint. I feel like it's a win-win-win!
Amanda: I just am anti-bicyclists, and I feel like they have no sanity at all.
Marni: Well, that's not fair. I mean, you could say the same thing about drivers. So I think that we need to make an effort as bicyclists and motorists to all get along.

#### Disscussion
Marni arrives to a meeting with Amanda, and she can barely breathe. She biked five miles, and she definitely got her exercise!

Amanda seems a little bit annoyed with Marni. SHe talks about all the reasons why biking is hard work, such as following traffic rules and wearing rain gear.

Marni doesn't change her mind, though, For her, it's easy to knwo the rules of the road. Because her city has lots of bike lanes, she doesn't have to worry about where to ride, either. She likes saving money, getting exercise, and helping the enviorment.

Unfortunately, Amanda doesn't agree. She doesn't like bicyclists at all. She and Marni will have to agree to disagree.

What's your point about bicycling? Have you ever disagreed with your friends?


