---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-11-12 21:00:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- November Daily English
---

### Dreaming

### Intro
Every night, people around the world go to sleep and begin to dream. They might have beautiful, vivid dreams, or they might have scary nightmares. Their dreams might be symbolic of something in their lives. Many people try to understand the meaning of their dreams.

It is always exciting to talk about your dreams with friend. Sometimes, a friend can help you find the deeper meaning in your nighttime visions. She can help  you understand the symbols in your mind. Maybe, your friend had a similar dream. You can compare your dreams together. Maybe, a specific symbol represents something different to your friend.

### Dialogue
<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0007/7025_1445818744_869050.mp3" />
</audio>

Marni: Gary?

Gary: Yes.

Marni: One of my favorite things about going to sleep is wondering what I'll dream about.

Gary: It's so nice to wake up and have the recollection of this wonderful vivid and lucid experience that never happened.

Marni: Isn't it amazing?

Gary: It's amazing.

Marni: It's so fascinating that we go into this REM state of sleep, and we have these storylines that are just in our minds.

Gary: Yeah, and then we can talk about what the dream was and if there’s a deeper meaning.

Marni: Right.

Gary: Or maybe that the activity or the item that we had in our dream is symbolic in some way in our lives.

Marni: Right. Yeah, they say if you dream about your house, it’s supposed to be representative of you.

Gary: Yeah. Quick question. I’ve heard it before, and I don’t actually know what it means, but what is REM?

Marni: Rapid eye movement.

Gary: Oh!

Marni: That’s the state of sleep that you’re in when you’re dreaming.

Gary: Got it.

Marni: Sweet dreams, Gary.

### Discussion
Marni tells Gary that, every night, she is excited to have a new dream. Gary agrees with her. He thinks that it is incredible to have memories of things that didn’t really happen. Gary and Marni discuss how dreams can be symbolic and have a lot of meaning.

Marni mentions REM sleep. Gary has heard this term, but he doesn’t know its meaning. Marni explains that REM stands for rapid eye movement. In other words, the eyes move quickly when someone is in deep REM sleep. This is the type of sleep in which a person dreams.

What do you dream about the most? What do the symbols in your dreams represent?

### Vocab
