---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-11-05 21:27:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- November Daily English
---

### Soda

### Intro
The sun is so hot. You're more than thirsty. Pop! You open your can of cola from the vending machine. The carbonated drink tickles your nose with bubbles. You tip your head back, fill your mouth with sweet, cold cola, and burp. There's nothing so refreshing on a hot summer day.

So what if soft drinks are just empty calories? So what if the flavor is artificial and the caffeine is going to keep you awake tonight? Sometimes cooling off is more important than worrying about all that stuff.

### Dialogue
<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6454_1379541041_602300.mp3" />
</audio>

Marni: There are just no choices in this vending machine except for soda. I hate it!

Lily: But there are plenty of choices! There's a cola, a diet cola, a lemon-lime kind of a thing. They're all delicious. What's wrong?

Marni: They all fall into the category of soft drinks. Soda, pop...whatever you want to call it, it's all terrible!

Lily: But all of the bubbles and the caffeine! It's delicious and refreshing and it makes you burp. It's great! Come on.

Marni: All it is artificial flavors. There's no health benefit for it. It's just empty calories. It's just terrible for you!

Lily: I know it's not exactly good for you. Actually, there are some sodas that are good for you.

Marni: Oh, Come on. There are not any sodas that are good for you. You might find them refreshing. You may think about it's fun to get all of those carbonated bubbles and burp and have a good time. But it's terrible for you. OK? This is just garbage. We need water. We need juices.

Lily: I think we can just agree to disagree on this one. I will go over in the conver and burp quietly to myself.

### Discussion
Marni is frustrated with her choices at the vending machine. It's all soda, and she thinks soda is completely unhealthy. If it's full of empty calories, Manri doesn't want to drink it. She prefers water or juice over something artificial that's full of caffeine.

Lily, on the other hand, is delighted by her choices. She loves how carbonated drinks make her burp, and she's not worried about how soft drinks are made. She's definitely into caffeine, too. Everything she could ever want in a drink is for sale in this vending machine.

What's your opinion about soda? Is it OK to drink as much as you want?

### Vocab
cola *noun.* /ˈkoʊ.lə/
  a sweet, brown fizzy drink (= one with bubbles) that does not contain alcohol

  Coke and Pepsi are types of cola.

fizzy *adj.* /ˈfɪz.i/
  having a lot of bubbles

  fizzy orange/mineral water

mineral *n.* /ˈmɪn.ər.əl/ 矿物质
  a valueable or useful chemical substance that is formed naturally in the ground

vending *noun.* /ˈven.dɪŋ/
  the selling of goods

  He had his street vending licence taken away

carbonated *adj.* /ˈkɑːr.bən.eɪ.t̬ɪd/
  A carbonated drink is fizzy because it contains bubbles of carbon dioxide(/daɪˈɑːk.saɪd/)

tickle *verb.* /ˈtɪk.əl/
  to touch someone lightly with your fingers, making them slightly uncomfortable and often making them laugh

  Stop! You're tickling me!

burp *v. / n.*  /bɝːp/ 打嗝
  to allow air from the stomach to come out through the mouth in a noisy way

  The baby gave a contented burp.

calorie *n.* /ˈkæl.ɚ.i/ 卡路里
  a unit of energy, often used as a measurement of the amount of energy that food provides

  There are about 50 calories in an apple.

flavour(us) *n.*  /ˈfleɪ.vɚ/  === flavor(uk)
  how food or drink tastes, or a particular taste itself

  Add a little salt to bring out the flavour of the herbs.

caffeine *n.* /ˈkæf.iːn/
  a chemical, found for example in tea and coffee, that is a stimulant (= something that makes people more active)

  Caffeine wakes us up and gives us energy.

soft drink 软饮料

cooling off 冷却；使冷静；冷处理

soda *n.* /ˈsoʊ.də/ 苏打水
  any type of sweet fizzy drink (= with bubbles) that is not alcoholic

agree to disagree 消除分歧，求同存异；同意各自保留不同意见