---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-11-06 22:35:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- November Daily English
---

### Puzzles

### Intro
Does liking puzzles make you a nerd? No way! There's a good reason that people are addicated to crossword and jigsaw puzzles: they're a fun distraction from one's troubles. After a long, stressful day at work, sitting down with a puzzle and a mug of tea can do wonders.

It doesn't stop here. There are puzzles with letters and words, but also numbers. Some puzzles need to be picked uo and fitted together, and sometimes picked up and taken apart. Some are meant for kids, and some for adults. The one thing they all share in common is that puzzles keep us busy and probably make us smater. After all, we have to exercise our brains, too.

### Dialogue
<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6453_1380044003_448570.mp3" />
</audio>

Mason: What's a five letter word for aggravate?

Amanda: Mason. But you know what?

Mason: I don't think that goes with the word that I've got going across.

Amanda: Are you doing another one of your silly crossword puzzles?

Mason: I'm totally addicated. They're just so much fun!

Amanda: You’re such a nerd about it. There are so many other things to do, like go hike a mountain.

Mason: Well, I did a cool jigsaw puzzle of a mountain the other day. Does that count?

Amanda: Do you think you have a thing for puzzles because you’re naturally a problem solver? Is that it?

Mason: Yeah, for sure. And it’s just fun to get out of my head and do something completely different. It’s a distraction. It’s a release.

Amanda: But how much fun can it be to always have to find a solution to a puzzle or a problem. Who cares?

Mason: It’s tons of fun. We’re biologically hard-wired to want to solve problems. It’s totally why we’re the best species.

Amanda: What one cool celebrity that you know does puzzles?

Mason: I hear Justin Timberlake is absolutely bonkers for Sudoku.

### Discussion
One thing is for sure: Amanda doesn’t like puzzles. She thinks puzzles are kind of nerdy, and that Mason could be spending his time doing more interesting things. Amanda tries to understand why he’s so into them, but his reasons don’t satisfy her. No matter what he says, Amanda still thinks Mason’s puzzles are kind of dumb.

To Mason, doing puzzles is a relaxing activity. Puzzles keep his mind busy when he needs a break from everyday life. He probably likes to be challenged, too. Mason’s more interested in completing a jigsaw puzzle of nature than actually going outside. He doesn’t care if Amanda likes them or not. It’s just something he loves.

Do you like solving puzzles? What do you like about it? What’s your favorite kind?

### Vocab