---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-11-08 21:00:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- November Daily English
---

### Jokes

### Intro
Okay, here's a great joke for you: What did the zero say to the eight? Nice belt! Get it? The number eight looks like a zero wearing a belt! Ha ha ha ha!

Maybe you didn't think that joke was so funny. It was a little silly. But there are many other kinds of jokes out there. There are riddles, which ask you to do a little problem-solving. There are knock-knock jokes, which usually involve some wordplay. There's dry humor, too, which might not should like a joke at first and might be a little mean and sarcastic. No matter what your sense of humor, chances are there is some joke out there than can crack you up.

### Dialogue
<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6440_1378138210_399772.mp3" />
</audio>

Devan: Hey, Jeff.

Jeff: What?

Devan: Knock, knock.

Jeff: Here we go. Yeah, OK. What is it?

Devan: You have to say, "Who's there?" so I can get to the punchline. What's the matter, you don't like jokes?

Jeff: Not really. They just aren't my thing.

Devan: Well, what kind of humor do you have? Do you have a dry sense of humor?

Jeff: You could say so, I guess. Very dry.

Devan: Are there any comedians that crack you up?

Jeff: Who's that guy that talks real slow? Steven Wright, is that his name?

Devan: I'm not familiar with him. What kind of jokes does he tell?

Jeff: They very dry kind.

Devan: Is it a lot of bathroom humor, or...?

Jeff: I don't really go for that kind of stuff. Just the dry kind.

Devan: Well, you're a lot of fun, Jeff.

Jeff: Yeah? I am not the funniest person you know?

Devan: Definitely not.

Jeff: Gee, thanks.

### Discussion
Devan is trying to tell Jeff a joke, but he's not playing along. In fact, it seems to Devan as if Jeff might not have a sense of humor at all.

Jeff says that he does have a sense of humor, but that it's very dry. He likes jokes that are told very slowly, and that might not seem like jokes at all. Devan doesn't think that Jeff is very funny. It definitely seems as if their styles of humor are not compatible.

What kinds of jokes do you like to hear, or tell? Who do you think is funny?

### Vocab
