---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-12-10 16:52:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- December Daily English
---

### Food Carts
食品街

### Intro
Do you and your friends ever eat street food? The new trend is to eat street food from food carts! Many big cities now have food carts that serve fast, inexpensive food. It is a lot of fun to explore food pods. You can walk around, look at all the different food carts, and pick out yout favorite one!

Food carts are mobile kitchens that have different cuisines. When you are on the go, you can step up to a window of a food cart and place your order. There are all kinds of carts serving snacks, desserts, and drinks. Some of the most popular places to eat in cities are food carts!

Gary has never eaten a food cart, but Romeo goes all the time. 

### Dialogue
<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0007/7048_1448223038_712623.mp3"/>
</audio>

Gary: Where do you normally go for lunch?

Romeo: The food carts, where else would I go?

Gary: Oh, I usually just go to a restaurant.

Romeo: A restaurant? Man, food carts are the best. What are you talking about? Especially if you're on the go you just step up to the window, you get your food, step right out the line, and let the next person go.

Gary: I don't know. I guess the few times I have been to the food carts they're just overloaded with people. It's so hard to place an order.

Romeo: Well, how else do you expect them to make a profit?

Gary: That's a good point, I don't know when I've seen it, it just seems like it's kind of unsanitary.

Romeo: You never notice how the dirtiest places make the best food?

Gary: I have not noticed that.

Romeo: That's true talk, man! Go to a restaurant, go to a food cart, if it's dirty, you'll notice the food is the best.

Gary: How many foos carts do they normally fit in a pod?

Romeo: How many you can get in there.

Gary: OK. Does a pod normally take up a city block? Or is it just a couple next to each other?

Romeo: I've been to a few pods where you got about eight. You kind of just walk into a circle and choose wherever you want to go. You ever want to go man, I'll take you man!

Romeo: Step outside of the norm man, get away from the restaurant. I'll take you to a food cart!

### Discussion
Gary normally goes to restaurants. He doesn't have a lot of experience eating at food carts. When he has tried to go in the past, they have been overloaded with people. He tells Romeo that food carts seem unsanitary.

Romeo loves to go to food carts because you can go up to the window and order food when you are on the go. He tells Gary that even though food carts look dirty, they serve delicious food. He says that the best food carts are the dirtiest ones! Romeo explains you can just walk around a food pad and choose whatever food you want. Gary and Romeo plan to go to a food cart together.

Have you ever eaten from a food carts? Do you prefer a restaurant or a food cart?