---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-12-13 17:52:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- December Daily English
---

### Pie in the sky
天上掉馅饼

### Quote
We had no pie in the sky notions that we would be guaranteed a sequal after this.

### Meaning
wonderful idea that probably won't happen; unlikely wish or hope.

### Use
Humans love to dream big. We can imagine almost anything. And sometimes, we hope that these amazing things will really happen. But are all of our ideas possible? Probably not, but it doesn't hurt to dream. Having pie-in-the-sky ideas is fun. It keeps us inspired and helps us learn what we can actually do.

When something is pie in the sky, it is an amazing idea that probably won't happen. It might be too difficult or just impossible. But sometimes, these incredible ideas actually work! This is what happened for actor and producer Ryan Reynolds. When he made the first Deadpool movie, he didn't think there would be a second. However, people loved the movie so much that there is now a sequel.

Which of your ideas are pie in the sky? Do you think it's healthy to have many pie-in-the-sky ideas?

### Examples
Her dream of moving to Rome was just pie in the sky.

Steve's pie-in-the-sky ideas are too crazy sometimes.

Do you think it's just pie in the sky to wait for the perfect man?

### Vocab

notion */ˈnoʊ.ʃən/* *n.*
  a belief or idea.

  The show's director rejects the notion that seeing violence on television has a harmful effect on children.

  I only have a vague(*/veɪɡ/*) notion of what she does for a living. (对于她已什么为生我只有个模糊的概念)

sequel */ˈsiː.kwəl/* *n.*
  a book, film, or play that continues the story of a previous book, etc.

  I'm reading the sequel to "Gone with the Wind."

guarantee */ˌɡer.ənˈtiː/* *n.* 保证
  a promise that something will be done or will happen, especially a written promise by a company to repair or change a product that develops a fault within a particular peroid of time.

  The TV comes with/has a two-year guarantee.
