---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-09-19 13:49:10
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- September Daily English
---

### blaze a trail

### Quote
I like to play women who blaz trails.

Actoe Hilary Swank, talking about the roles she likes to play in films

### Meaning
do something important that no one has done before

### Use
Rosa Praks is a famous African-American woman who stood up for African-Americans at a time when they didn't have the same rights as white Americans. Mrs. Parks said no when she was told to give up her seat for a white person on her city bus. She was taken off the busy by police, strating what was known as the civil rights momvent in the US. Rosa Parks blazed a trail for equal rights for blacks.

When you blaze a trail, you clear a path for others to follow you. You might be the first person to do something, or possibly the first to get attention for what you're doing. If you're a scientist, you might make a discovery that follows for other discoveries to happen. When you blaze a trail, you make it possible for other people to be successful, too.

Actor Hilary Swank prefers to play women in movies who blaze a trail in their lives. She has a lot of respect for people who work hard at what they do, and she likes bringing attention to those people by making films about them.

Do you know anyone who has blazed a trail? What did they do?

### Examples
If you want people to remember you, you need to blaze a trail in your life.

I respect women who blaze a trail, especially in sports.

The scientist Albert Einstein blazed a trail in physic.