---
title: Daily English
date: 2020-04-03 16:50:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- April Daily English
---

### International Students

#### Intro

Many students love to travel and explore the world. Becoming an international exchange student is a great way to do this. You can live in another country, take classes in a second language, and visit incredible tourist attractions. This is a great way to learn about cross-cultural values. It is also a wonderful way to learn a new language. And most international exchange students can get help form a language tutor.

If you can't travel, you can always think about hosting an international exchange student. When you host an exchange student, you share your home and your life with this person. Most exchange students live with a host family for six months or one year. In the beginning, there is usually a language barrier, but later, you will be able to speak together more easily.

Jessica's friends are hosting an exchange student. Listen as she talks about this exchange experience.

#### Dialogue
<audio controls>
  <source src='https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0007/7130_1458340106_057114.mp3'/>
</audio>

Jessica: My good friends are actually hosting an international exchange student.

Andy: Hey, that's great!

Jessica: I know. It's really cool! There is a little bit of a language barrier, but that's to be expected.

Andy: You know, there always is with international students. I actually worked as a writing tutor with English as a Second Language Students.

Jessica: That's cool.

Andy: And there's always going to be a language barrier that is further than just understanding words and more about understanding concepts. For the most part, I haven't met any international students that were anything short of very nice and very humble.

Jessica: Their student is incredibly kind. And they're actually allowing me to join them. It's almost as if I'm on vacation. We are going to different toturist attractions around town.

Andy: And that's one of the things I love about international students is the cross-culture values that they teach you. And when you yourself are an international student, that's when you really get to realize that we're all here for each other.

Jessica: Absolutely!

#### Discussion
Jessica tells Andy about her friends who are hosting an international exchange student. They invited Jessica to join them, and together, they are visiting many toturist attractions. Jessica says that it is sometimes difficult to understand this student's English, but she is very kind.

Andy thinks that it is wonderful to spend time with exchange students. He worked as an ESL writing tutor in the past, and he knows what it's like to have a language barrier. However, he also loves that people can help each other to understand more. He thinks that international students and host families can teach each other about cross-cultural values.

Did you ever host an exchange student? Do you want to be an exchange student?