---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-09-25 10:40:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- September Daily English
---

### Elections

### Intro
When a new president is being elected in the US, it is almost impossible not to know and hear about who is "running." TV, radio, newspapers, and the internet become saturated with the candidates' photos and comments. The candidates must learn and practice how to be well-versed in everything from education to the military. They must have faith in themselves if they want Americans to vote for them.

If you believe that every voice counts, you probably pay close attention to elections. It's likely that you read about the people who want to be elected, and you talk to your friends and neighbors about how is the best choice. Like in the US, the candidates get your attention by truly understanding what's happening around them, and by showing that they know how to get things done. Winning an election is a big job, and that's only the beginning!

Romeo and Marni are talking about the next election.

### Dialogue
<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6994_1441500149_588604.mp3" />
</audio>

Marni: I can't stop thinking about the upcoming *election*.

Romeo: What? Who cares about the elections?

Marni: Are you serious?

Romeo: I'm so done with hearing about the elections.

Marni: Are you not a believer in *democracy*? Do you not *participate* in our greatest national...? All right. Well, I'm a big believer in voting, and...

Romeo: See, you can't even get your words together. That's how lame elections are.

Marni: Do you not believe that your voice counts? Because I believe that every voice counts. And you can't complain about the way things are in this country if you don't vote.

Romeo: OK. In theory, I agree with that, but I have no faith in the elections.

Marni: Do you think they're *rigged*?

Romeo: Yeah! Oh yeah, definitely.

Marini: OK, OK.

Romeo: I can think of a few elections that were rigged.

Marni: Fair enough. But I do think that we have a very important upcoming presidential election. And I think it's important to be *well-versed* in the *candidates*. And I can't get enough. And honestly, we're going to be *saturated* with political coverage for the next few years, so *buckle up*. It's going to be ugly ride.

Romeo: Yes... and I will pass on the ride, thank you every much.

### Discussion
Marni believes in democracy. She feels that everyone should vote in elections, and it’s important to be involved in politics. Marni thinks that it’s not OK to say bad things about your country if you’re not trying to make change with your votes.

Romeo could not feel more differently about elections. He doesn’t believe that voting makes a difference. In fact, he thinks that elections are rigged. Romeo isn’t interested in paying attention to politicians because the whole experience feels dishonest to him.

Is voting important? Do you participate in elections?