---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-09-03 21:00:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- September Daily English
---

### Outer Space

### Intro
The number of stars and planets feels infinite, which makes our universe seem like an unfathomable place. But that hasn't stopped people from dreaming about exploring the night sky. From the beginning of time, we have wanted to learn about and understand outer space.

Studying and traveling into space is both difficult and expensive, however. Even though different countries work toward this goal, such as with NASA in the US, it is a project that will never end. It is probably not possible for us to discover and one day visit most of outer space. What we call the final frontier is simply too big!

Gary and Brian saw new photos of Pluto, and they're excited to talk about space.

### Dialogue
<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6976_1439831520_621690.mp3" />
</audio>

Brian: Did you see the new pictures of Pluto?

Gary: I did. They’re amazing!

Brian: They look really cool.

Gary: Honestly, it’s unfathomable that we have photos of Pluto because it’s so far away.

Brian: Yeah. I am just so excited that we finally got new, clear pictures of Pluto.

Gary: Yeah. It seems like there’s just this expanse of nothingness from Earth all the way out to Pluto. Right? And yet we have high quality photos of what the surface looks like.

Brian: It’s pretty amazing to think that we’re already exploring space when we haven’t even explored the deepest oceans on our planet. 

Gary: It’s true. It’s the final frontier. Star Trek had it right.

Brian: Do you know where I could learn more about…

Gary: Outer space?

Brian: Yes. All of the universe!

Gary: NASA is a great place, and the European Space Agency.

Brian: OK. Great

### Discussion
Brian and Gary saw new photos of Pluto. They’re not the first photos ever taken, but they are very clear and of excellent quality. With the new pictures, it is now possible to see what the surface of Pluto looks like.

To Gary, it is incredible that there are photos of Pluto since it’s so far away. Brian is surprised that people are exploring space but not all the world’s oceans. They agree that the pictures of Pluto are very cool. The universe can sometimes feels like a lot of nothingness, but there is still so much to learn.

Have you seen the photos of Pluto? Is it important to study outer space?

### Grammar Point
Gerunds vs. Infinitives

Brian says, “It’s pretty amazing to think that we’re already exploring space…” He uses both an infinitive and a gerund.

Gerunds and infinitives are both verbal forms that act as nouns. Gerunds end in -ing, such as swimming, walking, or laughing. Brian uses the gerund exploring. Infinitives are the basic verb form with the particle to, as in to swim, to walk, or to laugh. Brian also uses the infinitive to think.

Sometimes it can be difficult to know whether it’s best to use a gerund or an infinitive in a sentence. Here are a few rules:

Both gerunds and infinitives can follow a verb, as in, “I don’t like losing,” or, “I don’t like to lose.” They can also both be the subject of a sentence, as in, “Catching a chicken is difficult,” or, “To catch a chicken is difficult.”

But only gerunds follow prepositions. For example, it’s correct to say, “I can’t leave a painting without finishing it,” but it’s not correct to say, “I can’t leave a painting without to finish it.”

Which is correct, “Let’s have dinner before going to the movies,” or, “Let’s have dinner before to go to the movies”?


### Vocab
final frontier *n.*

**Definition**
term used to describe outer space, which is the last area open to exploration.

**Example**
Space really is the final frontier. There's so much we haven't





Vocab
final frontier n.
Definition
term used to describe outer space, which is the last area open to exploration

Example
Space really is the final frontier. There’s so much we haven’t yet explored.

expanse n.
Definition
large and usually flat open space or area

Example
There is an expanse of forest behind our grandparents’ farm.

nothingness n.
Definition
empty space

Example
My cat is always looking into nothingness.

quality n.
Definition
characteristic or feature of someone or something

Example
One quality that teachers must have is patience.

infinite adj.
Definition
extremely large or great; having no limits

Example
There are an infinite number of fish in the ocean.

universe n.
Definition
all of space and everything in it, such as stars, planets, galaxies, etc.

Example
Most scientists believe that the universe is getting larger.

unfathomable adj.
Definition
not able to be understood

Example
When I think about the size of the universe, it feels completely unfathomable.

explore v.
Definition
travel through a new place to learn about it

Example
My friends and I like to explore the woods behind our school.

surface n.
Definition
outside part or layer of something

Example
The surface of an orange can be smooth or bumpy.

NASA n.
Definition
US government agency for space exploration; short for National Aeronautics and Space Administration

Example
Martha works for NASA as an engineer.