---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-09-05 16:30:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- September Daily English
---

### basket case

### Quote
You have to have confidence. You don't be someone who's so insecure that she's a basket case.

Len, talking about being pround of who you are.

### Meaning
person who is very nervous, tired, etc., and is not able to think or act normally.

### Use
Think of the last time you were really nervous or stressed out. Maybe it was the day before a big test or job interview. Perhaps you were taking care of a baby who cried all night and wouldn't go to sleep. Or maybe you were waiting to be picked up for your first date with someone. Can you remember how you were feeling? Probably not too great. In fact, you may have been a basket case.

When you're a basket case, it's hard for you to behave the way you normally do. It's common to do or say strange things when feeling like a basket case because stress can change you. If you're ever lucky enough to meet someone famous, there's a good chance that you'll say something crazy because you're so nervous. Meeting famous people is exciting, but it can also make you a basket case.

Len believes that it's important to be confidence, and this is especially true with acting. She'll never get a job in a movie or on TV if she's behaving like a basket case. It's important to show that you know what you're doing and that you are the best there is.

### Example
She was a basket case while waiting to hear if she got into Standford University.

What's wrong, you've been a basket case for two days.

Our poor dog is a basket case when we go on vocation without him.