---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-08-17 21:12:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- August Daily English
---

### The Voice

### Intro
Do you like to sing? Many people like to sign in the shower or car, or even around the house. But are you brave enough to audition for a signing competition? It takes the right kind of personality and musical talent to win a show like "The Voice."

If you're a fan of "American Idol," you have an idea of how these shows work. But "The Voice" is different in one particular way. The judges can't see the people who are signing for them, so they can't make their choices based on what the singer looks like. This is an important difference because it gives everyone the same chance to win.

Amy loves watching "The Voice," but Kellie needs more information. Read on in today's English lesson about pop music.

<!-- more -->

### Dialogue

<audio>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6962_1437857991_482339.mp3" />
</audio>

Kellie: So, Amy, I heard you've a fan of the show "The Voice." Is there a lot of good talent that's on it?

Amy: Yeah! It's undiscovered singers. And what happens is they do what's called a blind audition. And the show has these four judges who are also very famous singers. And they have their backs truned to the person auditioning. And so, It's not based on looks. It's just based on talent. Once a judge choose a contestant, then they can coach them, and we get to watch the singer evolve.

Kellie: Interesting. Wow. I was just thinking that it was strange that signing is a competition these days. I feel like signing should be fun, not just a competition. But what you were saying about a singer finding their voice is pretty cool.

Amy: Yeah. And also, these singers get to meet their heroes. The people coaching them are famous singers who can show them how to become better artists. So it's not just watching one singer do their thing, but they're also learning from somebody they really admire. You should come over. We should watch it together!

Kellie: Yeah! I would like that.

Amy: Yes!

### Discussion
Amy is a big fan of "The Voice." She enjoys watching the singing competition for many reasons. The judges listen to the singers without looking at them, which gives everyone the same chance of winning based on their talent. Amy also likes that the show is an opportunity for people to meet and learn from the musicians they admire.

Kellie's opinion is that singing should be enjoyable and not a competition. She doesn't understand why there are shows like "The Voice" at all. When Amy invites Kellie to come over and watch it, however, she agrees. Kellie is open to watching until she's been it before making a decision about the show.

