---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-08-21 16:30:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- August Daily English
---

### `Intuition`

----

### Intro
Do you ever get a feeling or emotion deepin in your `gut` and you can't explain it? It's hard to say why we get gut feelings, but many people think about that it's a good `rule of thumb` to follow them.

However, sometimes following these feelings can be dangerous. You should always look at the risk before making a `rash decision`. After think about it, if you feel `passionate` enough, go for it!

Kellie wants to know how Brian feels about intuition.

<!-- more -->

----

### Dialogue

<audio>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6967_1439853261_115716.mp3" />
</audio>

Kellie: Hey, Brian? Do you ever have a feeling in your gut tell you to do something?

Brian: Oh, all the time.

Kellie: Oh, really.

Brian: Like, intuition?

Kellie: Yeah!

Brian: Oh, yeah.

Kellie: I don't get that very often, so I just was curious what do you think about that.

Brian: I read a book about gut feelings and trusting your `instincts`. And it was based off of a lot of studies...

Kellie: Oh!

Brian: ...and ever since I read that, it seemed like it was saying you should trust your gut, and I've done that from here on out. In Las Vegas I wanted to play one game, a gambling game, and I played one when I felt really good about it, And I won a thousand dollars off of a gut feeling!

Kellie: Wow, that's crazy.

Brian: Yeah.

Kellie: Recently I had this gut feeling about something, and I just wonder if I should follow that. I don't want to make a rash decision.

Brian: Well, you have to let your heart and your head be your guide. And if you feel really passionate about this gut decision, I would say go for it. If the risk is worth the reward, that's my rule of thumb.

Kellie: Well, I think I'm going to go for it.

Brian: Sounds good.

---

### Discussion
Brian says he follows his intuition most of the time. He read a book about how it's going to trust one's instincts. He even won a bunch of money in Las Vegas because he thought the risk of gambling was worth the reward.

Kellie does not feel like she has very good intuition. She had a gut feeling about something recently, but didn't know whether or not she should follow it. She was scared of making a rash decision, but Brian convinced her to go for it.

Do you have good intuition? When was the last time you had a gut feeling?

(I even don't know what is the intuition mean :see_no_evil: . so I don't know how to answer this question.)


----

### Grammar Point
**Prepositions**

Brian and Kellie are discussing intuition. Brian says, "I read a book **about** gut feelings." He uses a preposition.

**Prepositions** are words that *locate something in time and space.* They *tell us where something is* in relation to the things around it. Here are some examples:

"The bird is singing **in** the tree."
"She walked **through** the door at 6:00"
"I climbed **over** the wall."
"We are sitting **between** our brothers."

Other common prepositons include: **above, across, around, before, behind, below, by, down, during, for, from, in, inside, into, near, of, onto, off, over, to, under, up, with** and **without.** There are many more! Can you think of any?

Which is correct, "The ball bounced the house," :heavy_multiplication_x: or, "The ball bounced through the house?" :heavy_check_mark:

---

### Vocabulary

**passionate** *adj.*

**Definition**
having much emotion and excitment for something.

**Example**
Len's mother was very passionate. She lived a wonderful life.

---

**instinct** *n.*

**Definition**
natural feeling, intuition

**Example**
Her instinct told her to be careful at night.

----

**curious** *adj.*

**Definition**
want to know more; interested.

**Example**
My dog is very curious about the TV. He always watches it - especially the show "Friends."

---

**studies** *n.*

**Definition**
information gathered to find a answer; research

**Example**
There have been a lot of studies on how to cure cancer.

----

**gut** *n.*

**Definition**
stomach

**Example**
People can get quite a large gut from drinking too much beer.

---

**get feeling** *expr.*

**Definition**
instinct, intuition, feeling

**Example**
Jeff had a gut feeling that he should get a dog from the shelter instead of a pet shop.

I had a gut feeling that we would win if you were my partner.

A gut feeling told Mary to stay home and not go to the party.

----

**rule of thumb** *expr.*

**Definition**
good idea to use; rough guideline.

**Example**
As a rule of thumb, I always bring an umbrella when it's cloudy. You never know, it might rain.

It's good rule of thumb never to trust anyone with your passwords.

It's good to arrive late to parties and early to job interviews. That's my rule of thumb.

----

**risk** *n.*

**Definition**
something that might be dangerous.

**Example**
Going skydiving is a risk thay I am not willing to take.


---

**reward** *n.*

**Definition**
prize; something earned for doing a good job.

**Example**
Jane returned Sil's lost dog and got a $100 reward.


---

**rash decision** *n.*

**Definition**
choice made without thinking about the future.

**Example**
Wendy has made a lot of rash decisions recently, and I'm worried about her.
