---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-08-26 10:00:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- August Daily English
---

### nocturnal */nɑːkˈtɝː.nəl/*

The explain from cambridge dictionary: 
  - being active or happening at night rather than during the day
    
    Most bats are nocturnal. 大多数蝙蝠都是夜间行动的
    nocturnal wanderings. 夜间幻想？

  - of the night, or relating to the night.

    He spends the nocturnal hours in his observatory. /əbˈzɝː.və.tɔːr.i/ 天文台

    nocturnal light. 夜光灯。


### Quote
I am on a job that requires me to be nocturnal this week.

### Meaning
most active during the night.

### Use
It's night, but for Len, it's also time to work. This week, she is being nocturnal. She will work and do her activities during the night and sleep during the day.

We often talk about animals being nocturnal, such as owls, cats, or bats. It is natural for these animals to be awake at night. But humans can have nocturnal schedules, too. Do you like being nocturnal? Did you ever work at night?

### Example
Jay thinks his dog is nocturnal because all he wants to do is play at night.

I work at night, so I have a noturnal lifestyle.

My nucle studies nocturnal creatures, and he is awake at night a lot.

Example from cambridge dictionary
  They are nocturnal creatures(夜间生物 /ˈkriː.tʃɚ/), which helps them avoid predators(捕食者 /ˈpred.ə.t̬ɚ/) such as hawks(鹰 /hɑːk/) and owls(猫头鹰 /aʊl/).

  

  The researchers live nocturnal lives in order to study the animals.

  We stood and admired Shanghai's nocturnal skyline.

