---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-12-27 16:42:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- December Daily English
---

### Superstitions

### Intro
It's not uncommon to find superstitions in cultures around the world. In the United States, some people believe that you should carry a good luch charm and you should avoid black cats. In China, the number 8 (eight) is lucky, and the number 4 (four) is unlucky. In Russia, you should never hand money directly to another person, and you should only use your right hand.

It's hard to know how or why any superstitions were created, but millions of people are dependent on them and believe they are powerful. It can be comforting to feel that there's a reason that a bad event has happened in your life, you also comforting to feel that you can stop more bad events form happening if you pay attention to superstitions.

Are Lily and Marni superstitions?

### Dialogue
<audio controls>
  <souce src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6514_1386627571_007230.mp3" />
</audio>

Lily: Marni, is that a rabbit's foot?

Marni: Yes.

Lily: So, I take it you're superstitions.

Marni: I am so superstitions. I have to have good luck charms on me at all times or I believe bad things will happen to me!

Lily: That must be kind of scary to be dependent on inanimate objects like that.

Marni: I find it comforting. I mean, I just don't think anything is a coincidence. I think everything happens for a resaon, and the more you arm yourself with good luck charms, and you don't walk under a ladder or you don't step on a crack...

Lily: Definitely don't break a mirror!

Marni: Exactly. I really think that if you head certain things, that good things will happen.

Lily: So, how did these superstitions come about? Did you just decided to become superstitions one day?

Marni: Oh, no. It's been passed down in my family, so I've always been very aware of it.

Lily: OK.

### Discussion
Marni and her family are superstitions. She carries good luck charms, for example, and she's careful to avoid doing things that will bring her bad luck.

It doesn't seem like Lily believes in the same superstitions, but she doesn't make fun of Marni. It's quite common for people to share the same beliefs, and it's not like Lily hasn't learned them, too.

Are you superstitions? What do you believe will give you good or bad luck?

### Grammar Point
Imperative Form (祈使句)

Lily tells Marni `Definitely don't break a mirror!` This is an example of the imperative form.

`Stop!`, `Come here!`, and `Look out!` are more example of the imperative form. You can use the imperative form to give an order, a warning, or some advice.

To form the imperative, use the infinitive form of the verb without "to". To make a negative imperative, put "do not" or "don't" in front of the verb, as in, "Don't touch that!"

The imperative is formed the same for all subjects(you, he, we, they), but you can include yourself in the imperative by adding "Let's", as in, "Let's go for a swim."

If you want to be more polite when using an imperative, just add "please". For example, "Please leave me alone. I'm trying to learn English!"

Which is correct, "Let's dance all night" :heavy_check_mark: , or, "Let's dancing all night".