---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-12-03 19:06:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- December Daily English
---

### Optimism vs. Pessimism

### Intro
Do you think life is good? Do you feel bad about life? If you answered yes to the first question, you might be an optimist. If you answered yes to the second question, you could be a pessimist. Maybe you answered yes to both! Like many people, you feel optimistic sometimes and pessimistic sometimes.

It can be hard to keep a positive outlook when bad things happen. You might feel sad and discouraged. Maybe you need to boost your spirits by doing your favorite hobby. Maybe you need to spend some time with your family. You could also talk to a friend.

Marni is feeling pessimistic today.

### Dialogue
<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0007/7046_1448235527_627742.mp3" />
</audio>

Marni: Oh, Gary.

Gary: What's up?

Marni: I just feel likethe world is against me.

Gary: Oh, no.

Marni: I'm really having a glass half empty kind of day.

Gary: I'm sorry. Are you feeling discouraged from something specific?

Marni: You know, I just feel like life is beating me down a little bit. I used to be more optimistic. I used to be like you. But now I just see all the negative things happening in the world and I just think, "What's the popint?"

Gary: Sometimes, it's really hard to see the good in people. I think our society just does a really good job of reminding us of all the bad things happening. But we really do live in this really hopeful place, with wonderful things happening that people are doing to save lives, to clean up the environment...

Marni: That's what I love about you. You see everything in a positive light... a totally glass half full kind of guy. I need your positive energy to boost my spirits.

Gary: Glad I could help.

Marni: Thanks.

### Discussion
Marni is having a bad day. She feels sad and gloomy because of the bad things happening in the world. She says she used to be more optimistic, but now it is hard for her to feel that way.

Gary agrees that sometimes it is hard to feel optimism. However, he reminds Marni that there are a lot of good things happening in the world. People are working together to help each other and the environment. Gary's positive energy helps Marni feel better.

Are you more of an optimist or a pessimist? What do you do when you feel sad?