---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-10-10 21:17:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- October Daily English
---

### Shelf(/ʃelf/) life 
保质期

### Quote
An acting career usually has a shelf life of about ten years before people get sick of seeing you.

Actor Len, on how long people usually work as actors

### Meaning
how long something lasts or remains popular

### Use
Think about what's inside your `refrigerator`. Is it fresh? Some foods are OK to eat for a long time, but others need to be eaten quickly. Milk, for example, has a shelf life of about a week. Eggs can probably last a little younger. A jar of `mustard`, on the other hand, has a shelf life of about a year.

It's sometimes said that a situation has a shelf life. Let's say your friend Enrique knows a couple that is always fighting. Enrique might say that his friends' relationship has a short shelf life because they are going to break up soon. Or your pal Sylvia might be sad because her new computer is already broken. Sylvia might say that a computer shouldn't have such a short shelf life.

George Clooney thinks that actors have a shelf life of about ten years. Once an actor has been in TV or movies for more than ten years, he believes that people become tried of seeing him or her. This isn't quite true of Clooney himself, however. He's been acting for a long time, most famously since the TV show "ER" in 1994. That's a shelf life of 21 years, and he's not finished yet!

What else has a short shelf life?

### Examples
That song was very popular at first, but it had a short shelf life.

The shelf life of a loaf of bread is about a week.

Today's smartphones have a one to two year shelf life.

### Vocab

refrigerator *n.*  /rɪˈfrɪdʒ.ə.reɪ.t̬ɚ/

**Definition**
a piece of kitchen equipment(/ɪˈkwɪp.mənt/) that uses electricity(/iˌlekˈtrɪs.ə.t̬i/) to preserve food at a cold temperature.

**Example**
Store fruit juice in the refrigerator.

---

preserve *v.*  /prɪˈzɝːv/

**Definition**
to keep something as it is, especially in order to prevent it from decaying or being damaged or destroyed

**Example**
We want to preserve the character of the town while improving the facilities.

---

facility *n.* /fəˈsɪl.ə.t̬i/

**Definition**
a place, especially including buildings, where a particular activity happens

**Example**
The training facility is scheduled to open in April 2005.