---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-10-11 17:42:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- October Daily English
---

### Translating

### Intro
Being able to speak more than one language has so many benefits. Traveling to new countries is easier. You can make more friends and learn about their cultures. You can enjoy and understand more music, books, and movies. And scientists have learned that people who learn to speak a second language have skills in school that people who speak only one just don't have.

When looking for a job, knowing a second language is especially helpful. People who can translate one language into another are more and more important in a world where new business partners can be founnd just using the internet. If you can tell someone all about your company in another language, it's possible that your company will grow and make more money. Be sure to put translation skills in your resume!

Sara and Marnio are talking about the subtleies of translating.

### Dialogue
<audio>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0007/7004_1442984577_349041.mp3" />
</audio>

Marni: I was watching this movie, and there were no subtitles, and it was in German. And I realized, I have no idea what's going on. I need a translator here. I'm not getting the full story.

Sara: It's very important to have a translator for something like that. My aunt is from Mexico and I sometimes translate for her.

Marni: I didn't realzie that you were fluent in Spanish.

Sara: I am partly fluent in Spanish. It's hard sometimes to translate the subtleties of the conversation...

Marni: Sure.

Sara: ...and the nuances of what people are saying. Sometimes meaning gets lost.

Marni: Right.

Sara: Sometimes it's hard for her to keep up, but I try.

Marni: I think as long as you're converying the meaning, right? That she's getting the general sense of what's being said.

Sara: I try to convey the meaning. Sometimes the word is just on the tip of my tongue and I can't find it.

Marni: That's so frustrating. I feel that way too, when I try to speak in other languages, which I'm not very good at, but...

Sara: Well, we can both keep practicing.

Marni: OK. Sounds like a plan.

### Discussion
Marni tells Sara that she was watching a movie when she realized that all the actors were speaking German. Unfortunately, Marni doesn't speak German, so she didn't understand what was going on! She wished that she had a translator with her who could explain exactly what was happening.

Sara shares with Marni that she often translates for her aunt who is from Mexico. Sara feels that translating can be difficult for her because she isn't completely fluent in Spanish. A language can have a lot of nuances that are hard to explain to someone who didn't grow up speaking it.

Can you translate one language into another? What makes someone a good translator?

### Vocab

subtiety *n.*
  explain: small different or distinction
  example: There is a lot of subtlety in English grammar.

translator *n.*
  explain: person whose job is changing words from one language into a different language
  example: Lucy worked as a German to English translator at the UN for ten years.

subtitles *n.*
  explain: words written at the bottom of a film for people who do not speak the film's language
  example: I couldn't read the subtitles because we were sitting too far away from the movie screen

fluent *adj.*
  explain: able to speak a language like someone who grew up speaking it
  example: When I lived in Mexico, I was fluent in Spanish

nuances *n.*
  explain: small differences or variations
  example: The nuances in Carolina Herrera's designs are always unique and beautiful

keep up *v.*
  explain: have the same level of speed or ability
  example: I can't keep up with my math professor. He moves too quickly

convey *v.*
  explain: communicate; make a message understood
  example: Brett can convey his meaning quite well to foreigners.

sense *n.*
  explain: feeling, idea, belief
  example: There's been a sense of sadness in the office since Taylor shaved off his beard.