---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-10-15 17:30:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- October Daily English
---

### Gaming

### Intro
Long before the internet, gamers have had their own `subculture`. "Dungeons & Dragons," for example, was created way back in 1974 and continues to be highly popular in the gaming community. People enjoy being able to `immerse` themselves in worlds that are so different from their own. It's an easy and fun way to escape life while just sitting at home.

Today there are so many choices if you're a gamer. You can play by yourself or join a multiplayer game. You can play on your computer or on your phone. There are `two-dimensional` games and games that make you feel like you and the other players are `up close` to each other. Turning on your computer lets you enter a totally new enviorment in minutes,

Gary and Jessica are talking about the different kinds of games they enjoy.

### Dialogue
<audio>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0007/7005_1443642078_156847.mp3" />
</audio>

Jessica: So, Gary...

Gary: Yeah?

Jessica: You may not know this about me, but I am an `avid` gamer.

Gary: No way!

Jessica: I love to immerse myself in another world...in the virtual reality of video games online. I like to play multi-player games. Do you play video games?

Gary: I do. Do you play on `consoles`(游戏机), as well as a smartphone.

Jessica: Yeah. I wish I didn't play as many of those two-dimensional puzzle games on my phone, but I do.

Gary: Yeah, but you can escape into the game for a while. And just kind of enjoy what that experience is, whether it's problem-solving or a first person game.

Jessica: It's true.

Gary: They're really fun!

Jessica: Yeah. I love to play on the PC...

Gary: OK.

JessicaL ...because there is such a strong gaming enviorment, especially with multi-player games.

Gary: Sure. Have you ever actually played a virtual reality game where you put something on your eyes, and you're kind of walking around, and you see it up close?

Jessica: I have not. I've watched videos of people playing those, and...

Gary: I can't wait to try one.

Jessica: It looks really cool.

### Discussion
Jessica enjoys being able to escape life through video games. Not only does Jessica play games on her phone, but she also plays multi-player games on her PC. She is part of a strong gaming community of people who likes the same activities as she does.

Gary is a little surprised that he and Jessica share this internet. He wonders if Jessica has ever played a virtual reality game that makes a person feel like he or she is actually walking around. She hasn't tried one yet, but Jessica agrees that it sounds interesting.

Do you like gaming? What are your favorite games?

### Vocab

- subculture *n.*  /ˈsʌbˌkʌl.tʃɚ/
  
  the way of life, customs, and ideas of a particular group of people within a society that are different from the rest of that society

  An entire subculture grew up around female bodybuilding.

- immerse *v.*  /ɪˈmɝːs/

  to become completely involved in something

  She got some books out of the library and immersed herself in Jewish history and culture.

  to put something or someone completely under the surface of a liquid.

  The shells should be immersed in boiling water for two minutes.

- two-dimensional *adj.*  /ˌtuː.daɪˈmen.ʃən.əl/  / three-dimensional

  flat, having width and length but not depth

  A person or story that is two-dimensional is too simple, showing little deep, serious thought, or understanding

- up close

  too close

- avid *adj.*  /ˈæv.ɪd/

  extremely eager or interested

  She hadn't seen him for six months and was avid for news.
