---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-10-16 18:13:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- October Daily English
---

### Love at First Sight

### Intro
It's possible that two people could look at each other and decide that they're perfect for one another. It happens in books and movies, but it also happens in the real world. But what does it mean when these people don't actually know each other? Is it really love at first sight, or is it the science of what makes us see each other as beautiful?

The truth is that it's probably all about hormones. But that doesn't stop people from looking, sometimes their whole lives, for the person they believe to be their soulmate. Taking it further, many people believe that it's fate or destiny that will help them to find that perfect person. It might sound crazy, but it's certainly a dream that brings comfort to a lot of people.

Do Marni and Rafael buy into the belief in love at first sight?

### Dialogue
<audio>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6714_1410478994_488641.mp3" />
</audio>

Marni: Just the other day, I was looking at my wonderful husband and thinking, I just..really I fell in love with him at first sight. Do you believe in that stuff?

Rafael: I think when you buy into that stuff too much, someone's going to get hurt.

Marni: How? Oh, gosh. You're such a pessimist. I just believe that there's somebody out there for everybody. It's your fate to meet your soulmate. And they're there for you. You just have to find them.

Rafael: Marni, it's doomed.

Marni: Come on. Really? You don't think your destiny is to meet some wonderful woman or man...whatever your preference may be...and they're out there for you. The course of your life will just take you there. You know? You'll find them.

Rafael: Yeah, you can tell yourself that. Or you can realize, after the third failed relationship, that it's all so temporary.

Marni: I think there's a once in a lifetime opportunity out there for you, just to meet the person that's so right for you. It's going to happen. I believe it.

Rafael: Sure.

Marni: I'm living proof.

Rafael: All right.

Marni: Don't hate me.

### Discussion
Marni tells Rafael something personal, which is that she fell in love with her husband at first sight. Every time she looks at him, she remembers how it felt. Marni believes that it can happen for everyone, and that someone perfect is waiting for Rafael.

Rafael believes the opposite of Marni. He's pessimist when talking about love, because his recent relationships didn't work out. Rafael wants to be realistic about love because if he doesn't hope too much, then he won't feel pain. But Marni tries to change his mind. She wants Rafael to be as happy as she is.

Do you believe in love at first sight? Has it happened to you?

### Vocab
buy into *v.*

  belive; be invested in

  I don't buy into the idea that there are no ghosts. I've seen one!

pessimist *n.*

  person who believes that bad things are more likely to happen than good things.

  Our aunt is a real pessimist. She expects everything to go poorly.

doomed *adj.*

  likely or expected to end badly

  In feel like I'm doomed to spend my life alone. I just can't make a relationship work.

once in a lifetime *expr.*

  experience or opportunity that is very special because it will likely only happen once in one's life

  Going to Spain during college was a once in a lifetime opportunity. I'm so glad I went!

love at first sight *expr.*

  when people fall in love as soon as they see each other

  I saw her from across the room and it was love at first sight. I knew I wanted to marry her.

hormone *n.*
  chemical in the body that affects how a person feels and grows.

  Many people try to choose meat that is hormone-free.

soulmate *n.*

  person best matched to another as a friend or romantic partner

  The very first time I met my wife. I knew that she was my soulmate

fate *n.*

  belief that things will happen in a certain way and one's future is already planned

  My friend Lana believes that fate will bring her a husband. It's not that easy!

living proof *n.*

  living example of whether or not something is true or can be done

  My grandma thinks she's too old to learn to read, but my grandpa is just as old, and he did it. He's living proof!

destiny *n.*

  power believed to control what will happen in the future.

  Some people believe that destiny makes things happen in our lives, but I believe that I do it on my own.