---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-10-17 16:55:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- October Daily English
---

### bite the bullet
咬紧牙关

### Quote
You bite the bullet and get on with it. One can't expect to be happy all the time.

Another **Santa Monterfiore**k, talking about how to act in hard situations.

### Meaning
do something one doesn't want to do; accept an unpleasant situation

### Use
Sometimes you will find yourself in a hard situation. Think about the last time you had tp make a big choice in your life. Was it easy? Some choices are simple, like what to eat for dinnder. Other choices can be much harder. For example, a couple who fights all the time might want to bite the bullet and break up. In most countries, people want the leaders in their government to bite the bullet and always tell the truth.

Having to bite the bullet is never easy. For example, maybe your sister is sad because her favorite shirt has a hole in it. She might say that she had to bite the bullet and throw it away. Another example could be if your friend Matt really hates working at his job, you could tell him she should bite the bullet and quit because it makes him so unhappy.

Santa Montefiore thinks that if one wants to be happy, sometimes they will have to bite the bullet. When one has to make a hard decision, she believes that they should make a choice and do what is right. This isn't always the easiest choice to make, but it is often very important. Being a good author is hard work. Montefiore knows that, but she bite the bullet and has now sold over three million books!

When have you had to bite the bullet.

### Examples
Gary has been hiding from the police, but he's going to bite the bullet and turn himself in.

I didn't want to do my homework, but I had to bite the bullet and now it's finished.

Last night I bit the bullet and broke up with my girlfriend.