---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-10-22 21:21:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- October Daily English
---

### Museums

### Intro
The Louvre. The British Museum. The Meteropolitan Museum of Art. These are some of the most famous meseums in the world. But there are more than 55000 museums around the globe, from ones with contemporary art, to museums all about antiques.

Some people think museums are boring, but many people get excited to get up close and personal with art. There aren't many experiences similar to going to a cool museum. Check and see if there is an interesting exhibit near you!

Brian went to a museum yesterday.

### Dialogue
<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0007/7010_1444023979_851679.mp3" />
</audio>

Brian: Yesterday I had to go on a field trip to a museum. It was so boring.

Sara: Boring? Museums are great! What kind of museum was it?

Brian: It was a railroad museum, and it was really boring. It was just pictures of old trains. And there was a hammer in a case. And a lot of plaques to read.

Sara: Ok, so you're not interested in railroads. There are so many other kinds of museums, though. There are museums for antiques, museum for contempoary art...You can get up close and personal with some of that art, and it's just so beautiful.

Brian: I always feel like it's a tourist attraction, and not something I actually enjoy doing.

Sara: I think maybe you just haven't been to the right museum yet.

Brian: I do like going to modern art museums.

Sara: There's an exhibit at the modern art museum in town.

Brian: Oh, great.

Sara: Let's go see it.

Brian: OK, I'll give museums another chance.

Sara: Fantastic!

### Discussion
Yesterday, Brian went to on a field trip to a museum that was all about trains. He thought it was really boring and doesn't understand why people would like going there. He is not a big fan of tourist attractions. He does, however, admit that he likes going to modern art museums.

Sara loves museums. She thinks it's really cool how there are so many different kinds of museums, and she thinks there is a type of museum for everybody. She is excited to hear that Brian likes modern art, because there is a cool exhibit in town that she wants to see with Brian. What good timing!

Do you like museums? What's your favorite one?

### Vocab
antique *n.*   [ænˈtiːk]  
  old, collectible object

  Grandma Jean showed me her favorite antique last week.

boring *adj.*
  not interesting, dull

  This is boring. I need something to do. Maybe I should go see a movie.

up close and personal *expr.*
  near experience with something or someone

  It was so much fan to see my favorite singer up close and personal. It was much better than just listening to her CD.

exhibit *n.* [ɪɡˈzɪbɪt] 
  group of objects or pictures for people to view at a museum, art gallery, or show.

  The Egyptian history exhibit is at the museum until the end of October.

Field trip *n.*
  school outing; trip one takes with one'c classmates.

  A field trip is fun because you get to spend time with your friends outside of the classroom.

railroad *n.*
  system of tracks on which trains travel

  I want to be at the railroad by noon so I can watch the trains go by.

Train *n.*
  connected line of railroad cars that go on a track(like a subway)

  I want to take the train from London to Paris!

plaque *n.* [plæk; plɑːk]  
  flat, thin piece of metal or wood with wirting on it that is used especially as a reminder of something.

  My grandfather has a plaque at his old school.

modern *adj.*
  new; related to the persent time and not the past

  I prefer modern cars to older cars.

contemporary *adj.*  [kənˈtemprəri]  
  of the current time

  My favorite contemporary movie is American Beauty. There are great older movies, but that's my favorite new one.


