---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-10-23 19:42:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- October Daily English
---

### Parenting

### Intro
It may seem hard to believe, but one day you might be a parent. And it will probably be harder and much more different than you expected it to be. Everything has changed since you were little, even what a typical family looks like. And there are hundreds of books out there than can teach you what you're doing right and wrong.

Most people don't need a book, though. If you decide you want to become a mom or dad, you already like kids and want to care for them. With the internet, you can ask millions of people questions about what to do when you're confused. Or you can walk to the house next door, like your parents did when you were little, and ask you neighbor for help.

Did Amanda have her baby, or is someone else talking about parenting?

### Dialogue
<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6566_1393569336_511321.mp3" />
</audio>

Marni: Oh, Rafael. I am just so exhausted. I was up all night with my new baby.

Rafael: Oh my god! How does it feel like to be a new mom?

Marni: It's great. I mean, I love bonding with my baby. But I have to be honest. Sometimes the responsibility is so overwhlming. I kind of miss my freedom.

Rafael: But what about the connection? Do you feel like it's a really gratifying bond that you have with your new baby?

Marni: Absolutely. She is amazing. I love her to death, and I wouldn't trade her for the world. But sometimes I just think there's all this pressure to be this perfect mom and to do everything for her. And sometimes it's just kind of overwhelming.

Rafael: As much as I'd like to be in the club as far as parenting goes, that's what scares me away from it.

Marni: You don't want to have any regrets, though, so definitely think it through. Having a child is a really huge responsibility.

Rafael: I trust your judgment, for sure, and I'll think about it. But it's also about meeting the right person.

Marni: That's very true.

### Discussion
Marni is exhuasted. She was awake all night with her baby, and she didn't get enough sleep. Having a baby has been a gratifying experience for Marni, so she doesn't have any regrets. She misses the freedom she had when she wansn't a mom, though. It's hard to do whatever she wants now that she has such a big responsibility.

Rafael is interested in being a father one day, but not right now. Stories like Marni's are a little overwhelming to him, and he doesn't even have a girlfriend, anyway. He knows there's time, so for now, Rafael is happy to hear about parenting from someone else. It sounds like a lot of work!

Do you think it was hard for your parents when you were growing up, or were you the perfect child? What's it like being a parent today?

### Vocab
Gratifying *adj.*
  giving or causing satisfaction, pleasing

  It was really gratifying to see Laura's little sister ride her bike for the first time.

love someone to death *expr.*
  love someone very much

  I love my best friend to death, but she annoys me sometimes!

would't trade someone for the world *expr.*
  love someone dearly
  
  My brother teases me a lot, but I wouldn't trade him for the world.

regrets *n.*
  feelings of disappointment or loss

  I don't want to die with any regrets, so I'm doing everything now!

exhausted *adj.*
  extremely tired

  I'm exhausted after staying awake with the baby all night.

up all night *expr.*
  awake throughout the night

  Mike was up all night studying for the exam.

bonding *v.*
  spending time getting closer

  A teacher needs to spend time bonding with her students.

overwhelming *adj.*
  too much; something you feel you can't handle or deal with

  His dirty house was so overwhelming that I had to leave.

judgment *n.*
  ability to make smart, sensible decisions
  
  I trust my mom's judgment whenever I need help with a problem.

connection *n.*
  feeling of sympathy and understanding, bond

  I've always had a strong connection with my little sister, but my older brother and I are not as close.

