---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-10-25 22:00:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- October Daily English
---

### Road Trips

### Intro

Jumping into a car and driving away down the open road is a dream straight out of Hollywood. Who knows where the road will lead? Maybe you'll end up on a beautiful beach or on a rugged mountain or in a hot, dry dessert. Anything could happen on a road trip!

It's these unexpected options that make traveling by car so exciting. You can definitely map out a route that will take you to all the major tourist attractions, but if you change your mind along the way, there's nothing to stop you from going somewhere else. You're not stuck in a plane or on a train. You're free to go whereever you want, even if it's off the beaten path!

Sometimes it's smart to book hotels ahead of time. That way, you can make sure you have a place to sleep. But if you forget, you can always sleep in your car. It might not be very comfortable, but it's free. Having the right music, food, and friends along for the ride is also important. You'll be in a small space for a long time, so choose who's invited wisely!

### Dialogue
<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6563_1392617386_596128.mp3" />
</audio>

Lily: Jeff, I am planning a road trip, and I need your help.

Jeff: Am I Invited?

Lily: Sure. Do you want to come with me?

Jeff: Yeah, on one condition.

Lily: What?

Jeff: I hate driving.

Lily: OK.

Jeff: I'll do everything else.

Lily: All right. So can you map out route and everything?

Jeff: Yeah. I'll book the places to stay.

Lily: Cool.

Jeff: Pick up the food, pick up the, you know, whatever.

Lily: Awesome. So we have to make a packing list of things that we're gonna need. Make sure that when you book the hotels they have awesome amenities. And, what am I forgetting?

Jeff: All right. OK, another condition. I like to road trip to places off the beaten path. Not like mom and pop tourist attractions that everyone goes to.

Lily: What? You don't like Foamheng? That's like the coolest thing ever!

Jeff: Something that's unexpected.

Lily: OK, I can deal with that.

Jeff: It's a date.

### Discussion
Lily is planing a road trip, and she needs Jeff's help! He agrees to help her, but there are a couple things that are important to him.

First, he doesn't like driving. Jeff's willing to book a hotel and plan the route, but Lily will have to drive. Secondly, Jeff likes discovering new places. He isn't interested in seeing the same things everybody else always sees, so he wants to go somewhere off the beaten path.

Lily tries to make sure that they have thought of everything, like hotels and packing lists. Even though Jeff has a different travel style than she does, she seems happy to have him along for the trip.

Do you think Lily and Jeff's road trip will be successful? Have you ever gone on a road trip.

### Vocab
route *n.* 
  path; places a trip will go

  We planned our cross country trip route very carefully so that we could visit all 48 states.

tourist attractions *n .*
  main sites people like to visit

  The Statue of Liberty is a famous tourist attraction in New York City.

book *v.*
  schedule use of something(such as a room, table, seat, or medical service) at a later time.

  I've booked us on the train through the Rocky Mountains for Valentines Day.

invited *adj.*
  included; part of something
  
  Mara felt sad when she wasn't invited to the party.

on one condition *expr.*
  part of an agreement; something that has to happen for a person to agree.

  You may have dessert on one condition: you have to clean your room first!

make sure *v.*
  be careful about; cry

  If you go in the boat, make sure to wear your life-jacket.

unexpected *adj.*
  not planning, surprising

  I got some unexpected money in the mail yesterday. My grandmother sent me a check for $500!

map out *v.*
  plan; design

  I like to map out what I'm going to do at work every day before I get started.

  If you don't map out your route, you might get lost.

  Before we move all our stuff into the new apartment, let's map out how we're going to arrange our furniture.

amenities *n.*
  extra features

  The hotel included all sorts of amenities, like a free massage, room service and brunch.

off the beaten path *expr.*
  where few people go; place that is not well known

  You'll have to try this new restaurant. It's a little hard to get to because it's off the beaten path, but it's totally worth it.
