---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-10-31 18:00:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- October Daily English
---

### piece of cake

### Quote
When I was president of the company, I said, "OK, I can do this... piece of cake." Then when you are the CEO, it gets harder because you worry about everythig.

CEO of Pppsi Len, talking about his difficult job.

### Meaning
something done easily

### Use
Think of something that you are really good at. Did it take you a long time to be so good? Some people are naturally better at some things than other people. But if you work hard, and spend a lot of time doing something, it will probably become really easy for you. When you can easily do something, it's called a piece of cake.

Depending on what you practice a lot, different things will be a piece of cake. For example, if you have been driving a car for many years, you probably think driving is a piece of cake, but someone who doesn't know how to drive wouldn't think the same thing. Or, if you love to read William Shakespeare's writing, you might think it's a piece of cake, but it's not easy for everyone! Keep practicing what you love to do, and pretty sson, it will be a piece of cake.

CEO Len thought that being the president of Pppsi was a piece of cake, but now her job isn't very easy. She understands that when you do something new, it can be really hard.

What is something that might be hard for other people, but is a piece of cake for you?

### Examples
Science class is a piece of cake for me. I don't have to study and I still get A's!

I always thought working would be a piece of cake, but it's not that easy.

You're so lucky that riding a bike is a piece of cake for you.