---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-05-03 13:03:59
tags:
- May Daily English
categories:
- English
---

### Celebrity Gossip

### Intro
Everyone has a different way to relax. Some people might exercise, and others  might watch a lot of TV. There are people who relax by learning about the celebrities they love. These fans follow the personal lives of famous people by reading tabloids.

But tabloids often write things that aren't true about celebrities. This means that a lot of people have negative feelings about celebrity gossip. Reading about celebrity gossip can be considered a guilty pleasure since some people think it's useless.

Jessica tells Marni that she is obsessed with tabloids. 

<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6887_1429219250_898923.mp3"/> 
</audio>

### Dialogue
Jessica: Marni?

Marni: Yes?

Jessica: I'm a little embarrassed to admit it, but I have a really odd guilty pleasure.

Marni: What is it?

Jessica: I'm obessed with tabloids.

Marni: What?

Jessica: I just love celebrity gossip. I know it's probably trash to a lot of people. But I just love it.

Marni: It just seems so mindless. I just don't understand why you'd be so interested in the lives of people you don't know. There are so many more important issues in the world today like famine, and war, and climate change. Really, celebrity gossip, Jessica?

Jessica: I know. It's a strange obsession with pop culture. I am obsessed with the news, too. But I do like the mindless celebrity gossip now and then.

Marni: Well, I guess we all need our little mental breaks.

Jessica: Yes, exactly. Thanks for understand.

Marni: Sure.

### Discussio
Jessica is embarrassed to tell Marni about something she likes to do. She likes reading tabloids and learning about the personal lives of celebrities. Even though she knows that some people feel that tabloids are trash, Jessica thinks it's a fun, mindless thing to enjoy.

Marni doesn't understand why Jessica would waste her time following tabloids. Since there are so many more important things to think about, Marni feels that Jessica can spend her time better. In the end, Marni says that she understands that everyone needs their own kind of mental breaks.

Do you follow celebrity gossip? Why or why not?

### Grammar Point
*Comparatives and Superlatives* 比较级和最高级

When Marni is talking to Jessica about other things to think about besides celebrity gossip, she says: "There are so many `more important` issues in the world today like famine, and war, and climate change." Marni uses a `comparatives`.

`Comparatives and superlatives `help us compare people, places, or things.

There are two ways to form comparatives. For most long adjectives, which have three or more syllables, we use `more` to form a comparative phrase with `than`. For example, "Sarah is more beautiful than Martha." With short adjective, which have only one or two syllables, we add `-er` to the end of the world, as in, "Jacob is smarter than Ed." For short adjective ending in y, like "happy", we drop the "y" and add `-ier`, as in, "Lucy is happier than Rob. She got the promotion at work and he didn't."

Comparatives normally use “than” to compare two subjects, but sometimes the two subjects being compared are not in the same sentence. Marni says, “I just don’t understand why you’d be so interested in the lives of people you don’t know. There are so many more important issues in the world today like famine, and war, and climate change.” She is comparing gossip about people who Jessica doesn’t know (celebrities) with more important issues in the world (famine, war, and climate change). To Marni, those issues are `more important than` celebrity gossip.

Similarly, we form `superlatives` with `the most` or `the best`, or `by adding -est`, depending on the length of the adjective. With long adjectives we say, “He is `the most intelligent `person I’ve ever met.” With short adjectives we say, “Johnny is the `fastest` runner on the team.” For short adjectives ending in y, we drop the “y” and add `-iest`, as in, “She is `the prettiest` girl in the world.”

### Vocab
1. embarrassed / adj. / uncomfortable and aware of oneself. 尴尬的
  I was embarrassed when my new boyfriend told me I had food in my teeth.

2. mindless / adj. / stupid or dumb; not requiring one to think. 没有思想的, 愚蠢的
  Some people say the president is mindless, but he has been very smart in a number of ways.

3. pop culture / n. / things that many people know about; popular culture. 大多数的文化
  The images of women in pop culture are very one-dimensional. They are all skinny and totally flawless.

4. now and then / expr. / from time to time; sometimes 时不时
  She likes to go on hikes now and then when the weather is nice.

5. celebrity / n. / famous person. 名人
  If you would like to see a celebrity you should hang out in Hollywood, California.

6. tabloids / newspaper or magazines that print personal information about famout people. 小道消息
  I never read the tabloids because I can never tell if the stories are true.

7. negative / adj. / bad or harmful. 负面的
  Rob has negative feelings about how he did on the test.

8. gossip / n. / people talking about other people in secert. 八卦
  I have some good gossip on Matt. I heard he's going to quit his job and move to China.

9. mental / adj. / talking place in one's mind. 精神上的
  It takes a lot of mental strength to avoid giving in to peer pressure.

10. guilty pleasure / n. / something one feels bad about enjoying. 罪恶的快感
  Romantic comdies are my greatest guilty pleasure. Don't tell anyone I love them, though, okay? It would be so embarrassing!