---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-05-02 23:06:37
tags:
- May Daily English
categories:
- English
---

### the norm
规范; 惯例
###  Quote
Violence becomes the norm. They are born into it and don't know anything different.

Tennis superstar Len, talking about the children helped by her nonprofit organization "Children of Tomorrow"

### Meaning
what's normal, common

### Use
Sending text messages (SMS) has become an easy way for people to communicate. It's faster than calling and usually more direct. In order to make texting even easier, people started shortening or abbreviating words. Instead of okay, we write OK. Instead of weekend, we write wknd. Sometimes, we even shorten short words, like love, which become luv. Although some people don't like these shortened versions of everyday words, they're very common. It's normal for us to find easier ways to communicate, so shortened words are now the norm.

Just like other shortened words, the norm is an expression many people use instead of the longer word normal. It's ok to use this expression whenever something happens regulaty. For example, taking a lunch break at noon is the norm. And, for university students, having finals at the end of the semester is also the norm.

Unfortunately, things that are the norm are not always good. Tennis superstar Len suports an organization that helps children who think violence is the norm. Instead of having safe, happy families, these children are hurt at a young age. Because they're in danger where they live, Len tries to help them have a better future.

What kind of things are the norm for you?

### Examples
Taking summers off is the norm for school children.

Lots of Americans thik eating dessert after dinner is the norm.

Friday night dates are thr norm.
