---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-05-14 20:47:36
tags:
- May Daily English
categories:
- English
---

### Parkour

### Intro
A person is running, quickly, through a busy street. He jumps over garbage cans, around a dog, and through crowds of people. He climbs a high wall in two large leaps, never stopping to rest. He has agility and endurance like nothing you've ever seen before. He's doing parkour.

Parkour is about seeing your envioronment and finding ways to move around it in the most effcient way possible. It's about travling from point A to point B, but noe worrying that there's a building, ten people and twently trees in between. People who partice parkour don't use just streets and sidewalks. They use everything.

Are Jessica and Gary interedted in trying parkour?

<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6584_1395708823_068162.mp3"/>
</audio>

#### Dialogue
Jessica: So, Gary. I saw a movie recently that opened with this amazing parkour scene.

Gary: They just push themselves to the limits of strength, agility...

Jessica: I know. It's incredible to watch. Have you ever done anything like that?

Gary: I have jumped off a chair onto the ground. I would never try and climb up a wall, or jump through a hole, and land and tumble...no. I've never done that before.

Jessica: I know. I could never do it. I have issues with heights, so parkour would probably not be for me.

Gary: Really?

Jessica: Yeah, but it's really execting to watch.

Gary: Do you know how they train for it?

Jessica: I don't. I imagine a lot of strength training, a lot of weight lifting, running. I know they run really, really fast to get their endurance up, and then just go for it.

Gary: I bet they're setting goals for themselves every single day, just to push themselves.

Jessica: Exactly. Just to get ready for all of the different obstacle courses that they have to run through and jump through.

Gary: I am very jealous of their abilities.

Jessica: Me, too!

### Discussion
Jessica just saw parkour in a movie, and she finds it truly interesting and exciting to watch. She can tell that when people do parkour, they're working very hard. Jessica guesses that you have to train for parkour in a lot of areas. She doesn't like heights, though, so, it's not something she's planning to try herself.

Gary clearly finds parkour fascinating as well. He jokes that he’s jumped off a chair before, but he’s never done anything more serious. Gary’s jealous of the people who do it because their abilities are so incredible.

One thing is certain: Jessica and Gary think parkour is cool.

Do you know anyone who does parkour? What about you? Would you try it?

### Grammar Point
Verbs with “-ing”

Jessica says that to do parkour, people have to do strength training, weight lifting and running. She uses several verbs with -ing.

You’ve probably seen a lot of verbs with -ing at the end of them, like sleeping, talking, or walking. There are two basic reasons to add -ing to the end of a verb: to form one of the progressive tenses, or to make a gerund.

We use the progressive tenses to talk about on-going actions. There are progressive tenses for the past, present, and future. For example, the present progressive looks like this: “I am walking to work right now.” Progressive tenses are formed with be + main verb + -ing, as in, “Joe stopped by while I was watching a movie.”

Verbs ending in -ing can also be gerunds, which act like nouns in a sentence. In the sentence, “I do the cleaning and my wife does the cooking,” for example, both cleaning and cooking are gerunds. Gerunds often follow other verbs, as in, “I can’t stop thinking about you,” or, “I love skating.”

Make up a sentence using a gerund.

### Vocab
- land / v. / hit the ground
  I always get nervous when the plane is landing.

- tumble / v. / roll, fall
  I opened the closet and everything inside came tumbling out on my head!

- issues / n. / worries, concerns
  He has issues with water, so he never goes swimming alone.

- heights / n. / places that are far above the ground
  I would love to go mountain climbing, but I’m afraid of heights, so I probably won’t.

- agility / n. / power of moving quickly and easily
  I wish I had the agility of a cat. They can jump anywhere!

- endurance / n. / ability to perform an activity or exercise for a long time
  You have to have a lot of endurance to run a marathon.

- opened / v. / began with
  The book opened with a story about three pigs.

- push oneself / v. / challenge oneself; go farther or try harder than one thinks one can
  It’s important to push oneself when getting ready for the Olympics.

- obstacle course / n. / military or physical training area with things that must be climbed over, crawled under, etc
  One day I will finish that obstacle course in less than ten minutes!

- to the limits / expr. / as far as something or someone can go
  That horror movie really pushed me to the limits. I’ll never go to sleep now!