---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-08-28 21:40:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- August Daily English
---

### Björk (a singer)

### Intro
There are a lot of pople who make music in the world. Whether you like rock or hip-hop, jazz or blues, a lot of it can sound the same. But sometimes, a musician makes music so unique, that the whole world pays attention. Björk is one of those people.

Björk adds a lot of artistry to her music. Some people do not get what she is trying to do, because a lot of it can sound very spacey. But if you listen to her music carefully, you can hear how creative and heartbreaking it can be.

Brian and Kellie are talking about Björk's new album. 

### Dialogue

<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6957_1437368879_783834.mp3" />
</audio>

Brian: Kellie, have you heard the new Björk album?

Kellie: No. I didn't even know there was a new album out.

Brian: Yeah, it's been a while. I think she's really unique. She's not necessarily my favorite musician, but I think she definitely has a bit of artistry in her work.

Kellie: I know. I think you're right, but I just don't get her. I don't understand the music.

Brian: I've heard a lot of people think that she's just misunderstood. But I think she's just kind of a creative person, and with that, maybe a little spacey. But there are a couple songs on the new album that are really heartbreaking and touching.

Kellie: Well, I'm always interested in people who are artists. But yeah, I'll definitely check it out. Do you have it?

Brian: Yes!

Kellie: OK. Well, let me hear it.

Brian: OK. (Brian starts singing).

### Discussion
Brian recently got Björk's new album. He thinks that even though Björk isn't his favorite musician, she is very unique. Brian says that a lot of people don't understand her music because it is a little spacey. But he likes it. He even tries to sing some of her music, but he isn't very good.

Kellie doesn't really understand Björk music. She thinks that it is a little bit too weird, but she does like listening to new artists. She asks Brian to give her Björk's new album.


### Grammar Point
*Contractions and Abbreviations*

Kellie tells Brian she is not a big fan of Contractions and Abbreviations. She says, "I don't understand the music." She uses a *contraction*.

Sometimes, we shorten or combine words by creating contractions. This is especially common in spolen English.

Usually, to make a contraction, we remove a letter or letters from a word and replace the letter(s) with an apostrophe ('). For example, we shorten "He is feeling ill" to "He's feeling ill." Kellie shortened "I do not understand" to "I don't understand."

Some other common contractions iclude: aren't for are not, can't for can not, he'll for he will, and won't for will not.

Can you think of any other contractions?


