---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-08-29 21:40:00
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- August Daily English
---

### take a stand

### Quote
When I was in school, I had a best friend who became a bully. I took a stand and... separated from her. It wasn't the type of person I wanted to be.

Actress, singer, and winner of Dancing with the Stars Amber Riley, on how people should treat each other.

### Meaning
have a strong opinion about something and not change it.

### Use
Picture yourself in a room full of people. You have just told them your story about working with poor families in need who go hungry every day. You ask, "Who is willing to help?" But the room is totally quiet.

Finally, one man stand up. The another. Then two women and a tennager stand. Then there are ten people standing, and the number keeps getting bigger. Your heart is full of joy. You have always taken a stand for families who need your help. Today you have found others who will take a stand with you.

When you take a stand for something, you develop an opinion and are often willing to fight for your beliefs. It's not necessary to actually stand up to show that you're taking a stand, though. There are many ways to show your support. You can tell your friends and family, give money to an organization, write emails, or make calls. You can also take a stand for something without anyone knowing it. It's your choice to share or not share your beliefs.

When actress and singer Amber Riley was in high school, a friend started to be unkind to other people. Amber didn't like what was happening, so she tooks a stand and chose not to be friends anymore. It was important to Amber that she not spend time with someone who wasn't respectful to eveyone.

### Example
Politicians have to take a stand on important topics.

Cynthia is taking a stand with her parents and moving in with her boyfriend.

You should always take a stand on what you believe in.