---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-05-09 22:18:51
tags:
- May Daily English
categories:
- English
---


### no good

### Quote
“To anyone that ever told you you’re no good, they’re no better.”

Lead singer for rock band Paramore Hayley Williams, talking about how we should treat each other

### Meaning
useless; worthless; bad

### Use
Everyone has bad days. You forget your homework or leave your lunch at home. Someone says something rude or uncaring. The money you thought was in the bank has been spent. You wake up feeling sick on the day of an important job interview.

All of these things are no good. It sounds like bad grammar… and maybe it is… but instead of saying “not good,” it’s also OK to say no good. Your bicycle has a flat tire? That’s no good. You can’t find your favorite jeans? That’s no good. You fall and break your ankle? That’s definitely no good! To be no good is to be unfortunate, disappointing, sad, or just plain terrible.

It isn’t only situations that are described this way. No good is also used to talk about something that has stopped working. Your broken cell phone, your computer that won’t start, the refrigerator that won’t stay cold… all of these things are no good.

Singer Hayley Williams believes that a person telling another person that he or she is no good is no good for saying something like that. It’s a mean way to speak, and a person should be ashamed for talking to others that way.

What’s happened in your life that was no good? Do you own something that’s no good and needs to be fixed?

### Examples
“This phone is no good. It’s always breaking!”

“May I use your credit card? Mine is no good.”

“Let’s throw this no good toaster away. It burns everything.”