---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-05-01 23:07:06
tags:
- May Daily English
categories:
- English
---

### Break ups

### Intro
Falling in love can be one of the best feelings in the world. However, when people are in a relationship, that love may not last for many different reasons. Breaking up can be terrible, especially when you are the person who still wants to continue the relationship.

Being dumped is an awful feeling. Someone will always have their feelings hurt in a break up. It can feel even more awkward if you see the person who dumped you after it has happened. But most people can move on after being heartbroken and find another relationship. 

Sara tells Brian about running into her ex and how it made her feel

<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6886_1429219316_016489.mp3" />
</audio>

### Dialogue
Sara_R:  Hey, Brian. How’s it going? 

Brian:  Good. How’re you doing? 

Sara_R:  I’m doing OK. I just ran into an ex. And it brought up all kinds of memories about breaking up. 

Brian:  That is the worst. I’ve had that happen before too. It’s so awkward. 

Sara_R:  Especially because he dumped me. It was really painful. 

Brian:  At least you’ve had some time to move on. I’m sure it’s still painful to see him. But, you can only stay down in the dumps for so long. 

Sara_R:  Yeah, I was really heartbroken. And when I saw him I kind of felt heartbroken all over again. I thought I had healed. But maybe I still need more time to heal. 

Brian:  I feel like time is always the factor. Even me, I’ve ran into some ex-girlfriends. When I see them, I get a rush and I remember all of the great times we had. It’s hard not to let your heart get the better of you. 

Sara_R:  That’s true. It is good to remember all the good times and love and great feelings. 

Brian:  It’s part of life and we have to deal with it. 

Sara_R:  It is. Thanks for talking. This has really helped. 

Brian:  Yeah. No problem.

### Discussion
Sara recently saw her ex and it made her feel like her heart was breaking all over again. Her ex-boyfriend dumped her, but she wanted to keep being in a relationship with him. Luckily, she can share her feelings with her friend, Brian.

Brian suggests that she should not feel so bad. He says that being dumped is just part of life and that time can help her heal. Sara feels better about everything and is happy to have a friend like Brian to talk about this.

### Vocab
1. bring up / v. / introduce, point out, talk about
  Marcia brought up a good point about the importance of getting enough sleep.

2. down in the dumps / expr. / sad, not happy, depressed
  When Tara’s dog died, she was down in the dumps for weeks.

3. heal / v. / become healthy or well again
  The cut looks pretty bad right now, but I think it will heal quickly.

4. factor / n. / one part of many
  The most important factor in this whole situation is whether or not you love her. If you do, you two should be together, no matter what.

5. relationship / n. / romantic friendship between two people
  He had one long relationship as a teenager a few years before he met his wife.

6. dump / v. / end a relationship; break up with
  Julie is going to dump Rick tomorrow night.

7. awkward / adj. / not comfortable; embarrassing; difficult
  Teenagers can be very awkward. They aren’t kids anymore, but they’re not yet adults.

8. heartbroken / adj. / extremely sad or disappointed, usually because of failed love
  After her divorce she was heartbroken for years.

9. get a rush / v. / feel excited or exhilarated
  I totally get a rush when I watch action movies.

10. ex / n. / ex-boyfriend or ex-girlfriend; former lover, spouse, or partner
  I saw my ex at the mall yesterday.
