---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-04-05 20:58:52
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- April Daily English
---

### Foodies

### Intro
Everyone eats! But some people like to explore and find different kinds of foods to try more than others. Foodies are obsessed with finding new dishes to try and eating at the best restaurants.

Foodies want to know everything about what they will eat, `from` where the ingredients came from `to` how the meals is cooked. Eating a meal can be an interesting experience when you think about all of the work and people involved in making the dishes.

Kellie is obsessed with interesting foods, but Sara prefers more simple food.

<!-- more -->

<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6870_1427070308_514384.mp3" />
</audio>

### Dialogue
A: Sara  B: Kellie

A: Hey, Kellie. So, I heard you're a foodie.
B: I am. I'm kind of obsessed with trying new restaurants. How about you? Are you a foodie?
A: No, I am not. I tend to stick with comfort foods.
B: So, you don't like to try gourmet meals?
A: Not really. I sick to some of the same dishes that I always like. My favorite things are like a grilled cheese sandwich. With those simple ingredients of bread and cheese. That's my favorite. I'm not really into gourmet dishes.
B: So you don't like anything trendy? (这里指一些新的食物)
A: Not so much. I'm open to trying new things, but not too many new things. Well, let's go to one sometime.
B: OK. I would love that. We'll try some new dishes too.
A: That would be good. That would be fun. Open up my world.

### Discussion
Kellie is a foodie and she loves trying new restaurants. She likes to try and learn about trendy new foods. But not everyone shares her same excitment about new dishes.

Sara likes to eat the same comfort foods all the time. Even though she is open to trying new foods, she's still a little worried that she might not like them. But she has agreed to try a new restaurant with Kellie. Who knows? Maybe Sara will become a foodie, too.

Are you a foodie? Do you like trying new dishes?

### Grammar Point
**Articels, Quantifiers, and Determiners**

When talking about trying new foods, Sara says, "I'm open to trying new things, but not too many new things." Sara uses a quantifier.

Articles, quantifiers, and determiners are the little words we use before nouns. When you see the words a, an, and the, you know that a noun will follow them. These words are articles. Words such as each, every, either, much, enough, wich, that, some, and any also mark nouns.

Quantifiers come before nouns and tell us how many or how much of something. These words include many, a few, much, a little, plenty, a lot, some and enough. For example, "There are enough cookies for everyone," and, "I saw a couple of horses in the field."

The words some and any are determiners. They always come before nouns or noun phrases. We use any in negative sentences, for example, "We are not allowed to have any pets in our apartment." And we use some in positive statements, such as, "It it Ok to use reference books for some exams."

Which is correct, "She has a lot of homework to do,"(√) or, "She has homework a lot of to do?"

### Vocab
- foodie /ˈfuː.di/ n. / a person who loves food and is very interested in different types of food.

- obsessed /əbˈsest/ adj. / unable to stop thinking about something; too interested in or worried about something.
  Why are people so obsessed with money?
  As a society we're obsessed by sex.

- society /səˈsaɪ.ə.t̬i/ n. / All the people in a country, or several similar countries, can be referred to as a society.

- ingredient /ɪnˈɡriː.di.ənt/ n. / a food that is used with other foods in the preparation of a particular dish.

- from...to... 

- tend to sb/sth. / to deal with the problems or needs of a person or thing.
  Nurses tended to the injured.  照料某人某事，倾向于某事

- stick /stɪk/ n. / a think piece of wood or other material. / v. insist /
  The old man was carrying a load of sticks. / a load of === a lot of

- gourmet /ˈɡɔː.meɪ/ adj. / very high quality. Excellent.
  gourmet coffee.
  a gourmet meal

- trendy /ˈtren.di/ adj. / modern and infulenced by the moost recent fashions or ideas.`