---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-04-17 21:25:40
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- April Daily English
---

### Contact Lenses
隐形眼镜

### Intro
How well can you see? Do you have perfect `vision`? Many people have bad vision, but don’t want to wear glasses. Luckily for them, there is another option. Contacts are a great choice for people who cannot see very well, but want to wear something other than glasses. 

There are many different kinds of `contacts`. Hard or soft. Clear or `tinted`. Contacts that can stay in one’s eyes for months, or contacts that one can throw away at the end of each day. It all depends on the type of person who needs them. 

Jessica uses contacts but is tired of wearing them. How does Gary feel about putting things in his eyes?

<!-- more -->

<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6877_1427780980_934324.mp3" />
</audio>

### Dialogue
Jessica: Gary, I am so tired of wearing contacts.

Gary: That must be so `frustrating`!

Jessica: My contact lenses get dry, and I try to insert them, but the material they are made out of is just `rigid`.

Gary: It does correct your vision, though. Right?

Jessica: It does. And because I have contact lenses, I can wear them with sunglasses. 

Gary: Yeah, the compatibility is completely there. Absolutely. I’ve often wondered, though… is it invisible? Or is it clear?

Jessica: Well, mine are tinted blue, but you would never know it. When you look at my eyes, you can’t tell that I’m wearing the contacts, because they aren’t big like soft lenses.

Gary: Wow, and can you just wear them all the time? Because it really weirds me out, just touching your eye.

Jessica: I know. I am a little bit limited with how often I can wear them. But I try to take them out at night when I go to sleep.

Gary: Wow. That amazes me every time someone talks about it.

### Grammar Point
*Adjectives*

Jessica tells Gary she is tired of wearing contacts. She says, “My contact lenses get dry, and I try to insert them, but the material they are made out of is just rigid.” She uses two adjectives. 

Adjectives are words that describe nouns and pronouns, for example, pretty, happy, ugly, or smart. Adjectives usually come before the noun, as in, “That was a scary movie!”

Sometimes, adjectives follow a verb, like in the sentence, “Your baby is very cute.” But in this case, the adjective still modifies the subject of the sentence (your baby), not the verb (is).

Remember, unlike in some other languages, adjectives have only one form in English. They don’t have a singular and plural form or a masculine and feminine form. For instance, you wouldn’t say, “Those girls are beautifuls.” Even though there is more than one girl, you’d still say, “Those girls are beautiful.” Adjectives look the same no matter what noun they describe.

Adjectives are also used to describe how someone feels. These adjectives often end in “ed,” like excited and pleased. Adjectives of emotion often follow the verb “be.” For example, “Robert is excited to see the new Star Wars movie.”

Which is correct, “Trisha is a woman beautiful,” or, “Trisha is a beautiful woman”(√)?

### Vocab
- rigid adj.
Definition
unable to change shape; not flexible

Example
Why are the seats in your car so rigid?

- compatibility n.
Definition
ability of two things to work together without problems

Example
When our parents broke up, they told us it was a problem of compatibility.

- invisible adj.
Definition
unable to be seen

Example
If I were invisible, I would sneak into the movies for free all the time.

- weird someone out expr.
Definition
make someone feel uncomfortable

Example
You weird me out when you stare at me like that.

I don’t want to weird you out, but I think I just saw a ghost.

Being alone in my house at night sometimes weirds me out.

- vision n.
Definition
ability to see

Example
My parents don’t have good vision, but I do!

- contact lens n.
Definition
thin piece of round plastic that is worn on the eye to make vision better

Example
Contacts hurt my eyes, so I wear glasses.

- tinted adj.
Definition
having a small amount of a certain color

Example
The windows in my car are tinted so people cannot see me when I drive.

- frustrating adj.
Definition
upsetting, making one angry

Example
Waiting in line can be a very frustrating experience.

- limited adj.
Definition
unable to do something

Example
Kristin is very limited by her broken leg.

- insert v.
Definition
place or fit something into another thing

Example
I tried to insert the key into the lock, but it didn’t work!