---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-04-16 16:34:04
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- April Daily English
---

### Manners

### Intro
From a very young age, many of us are taught to be polite and to have good manners. We are told to be on our best behavior when we have visitors in our home, or when we are in other people’s homes. But just because we are expected to be nice doesn’t mean that everyone has manners.

Some people might have bad manners because no one told them what’s OK or not OK to say around others. It’s difficult to tell someone that their behavior is bad. Would you want to tell someone that?

Gary tells Marni about how his brother has terrible manners. 

<!-- more -->

<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6874_1428337970_025159.mp3" />
</audio>

### Dialogue
Gary: Marni, I don’t know what to do. 

Marni:  Why is that? 

Gary:  My brother has the worst manners. 

Marni:  Oh, no. 

Gary:  And I just don’t know what to do. He’s so `offensive` whenever people are talking, he just doesn’t care what they have to say. He’s `burnt so many bridges` that friends of mine don’t even want to come to our gatherings anymore.

Marni:  Wow. Do you think he’s aware of this? Or is he unaware of his actions? 

Gary:  I don’t think he’s `aware` of it. I think he’s just an `insulting` type of guy. 

Marni:  Interesting. Well, perhaps you can try to lead by example and be really `mindful` of the example that you’re setting with manners that you have. 

Gary:  I could do that. I hope that he can become `considerate` of other people and what their thoughts are and how they feel. Do you think that’ll do it?

Marni:  I think that good modeling is really important. And when you’re in a group of people, just trying to `steer` the conversation away from anything that can get offensive. But it’s important to try be yourself and to show him certain `social graces. `

Gary:  Yeah. 

Marni:  Good luck.

### Discussion
Gary is upset because his brother has bad manners. His brother has made so many people feel uncomfortable that they don’t like to visit anymore. What can Gary do to make his brother more aware of this bad behavior? 

Marni suggests that Gary show his brother how to have better manners. She says that Gary can teach his brother by showing his own social graces. Gary thinks this is a good idea and will give it a try. 

Do you think it’s important to have good manners? Do you know anyone with bad manners?

### Grammar Point
*Gerunds vs. Infinitives* 动名词和不定式

*简单一句话就是: 动名词和不定式都是修饰名词的, 两者都可以跟在动词后面, 只有动名词才能跟在介词之后.*

When Gary is talking about his brother, he says, “He’s so offensive whenever people are talking. He just doesn’t care what they have to say.” Gary uses a gerund and an infinitive.

Gerunds and infinitives are both verbal `forms that act as nouns`. Gerunds end in -ing, such as swimming, walking, or laughing. Infinitives are the basic verb form with the particle to, as in to swim, to walk, or to laugh.

It can be difficult to know whether it’s best to use a gerund or an infinitive in a sentence. Here are a few rules:

`Both gerunds and infinitives can follow a verb`, as in, “I don’t like losing,” or, “I don’t like to lose.” They can also both be the subject of a sentence, as in, “Catching a chicken is difficult,” or, “To catch a chicken is difficult.”

`But only gerunds follow prepositions`(介词). For example, it’s correct to say, “I can’t leave a painting without finishing it,” but it’s not correct to say, “I can’t leave a painting without to finish it.”

Which is correct, “She’ll be here after delivering the package,” or, “She’ll be here after to deliver the package”(√)?

### Vocab
- mindful adj.
Definition
aware of something that may be important

Example
Teachers should be mindful of how much homework they’re giving their students.

- considerate adj.
Definition
thinking about the feelings of other people

Example
He was considerate and turned down the radio when we asked him to.

- model n.
Definition
someone who represents(代表) what others should be

Example
She is a model teammate, always encouraging everyone and trying her best.

- polite adj.
Definition
having or showing good manners or respect for other people

Example
Lara is the most polite person I know. She always says the right thing.

- behavior n.
Definition
how someone acts

Example
You’d better be on good behavior while your father and I are out!

- worst adj.
Definition
least appropriate, useful, or helpful

Example
That is the worst advice I’ve ever heard.

- offensive adj.
Definition
causing someone to feel hurt, angry, or upset

Example
He made some offensive remarks.

- graces n. 礼仪
Definition
skills that are needed for behaving in a polite way in social situations

Example
Cris doesn’t have the best social graces, but she’s my sister and I still love her.

- burn bridges expr.
Definition
end relationships with people in an unpleasant way

Example
It’s important not to burn bridges with the people you work with if you want to find a new job.

- aware adj.
Definition
having knowledge of; understanding the importance or significance of something

Example
I’m aware of what you’re doing, and I don’t like it.

- insulting adj.
Definition
rude or offensive

Example
You can't offer such a low salary to someone who is so highly skilled - it's insulting.

- steer adj.
Definition
to take someone or something or make someone or something go in the direction in which you want him, her, or it:

Example
She steered her guests into the dining room.
