---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-04-23 20:33:36
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- April Daily English
---

### Therapy

### Intro
When we talk about being healthy, it's usually focused on our physical health and our bodies. But there are also times when our emotions don't feel well. For some people, taking care of their mental health is an important part of their lives.

There are different ways to work on one's mental health. You can try medicine, or see a counselor for therapy. Therapy is a good way to talk about and explore one's emotions and feelings and to find ways to feel better.

Brian talks about how therapy has helped him.

<!-- more -->

<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6883_1428630581_931860.mp3" />
</audio>

### Dialogue
Lily: Hey, Brian. How're you doing?

Brian: Good. I just got done with my first therapy session.

Lily: Oh. You go to therapy?

Brian: Yeah. I went in today.

Lily: What is that like?

Brian: It was actually really great. It was just talking to someone else. It was really nice. It was really cathartic. I got to vent and let off my frustractions.

Lily: Release all of your inner feelings to a complete random stranger? Do you think that's actually helpful?

Brian: But it is a way of venting. Have you ever talked to a friend about a hard day at work?

Lily: Oh, yeah, definitely. All the time.

Brian: It's just like that. I feel like I'm constantly evolving. And it's nice to have a way to speak to those things aloud and have a release. I feel like it makes me more self-aware when someone is listening to what I have to say.

Lily: It's like a personal growth kind of a thing?

Brian: It's really interesting. I really highly recommend it.

Lily: Ok. I'll think about it.


### Discussion
Brian believes that therapy is a great way to work on his mental health, and he tells Lily about his first session. In therapy, he talks about his feelings and frustrations. Brian thinks that this will help him become more self-aware.

Lily doesn’t understand why Brian needs therapy. She thinks it’s strange that he needs to go and talk with a stranger about his problems and feelings. But as Brian describes how therapy has helped him, Lily begins to understand why it’s important. 

Have you ever tried therapy to help with your personal problems? In what ways can therapy be helpful?

### Grammar Point
*Definite & Indefinite Articles* 定冠词与不定冠词

To give an idea of what therapy can be like, Brian asks, “Have you ever talked to a friend about a hard day at work?” He uses an indefinite article.

Articles in English are very important, as we use them all the time. The three articles in English are a, an, and the. Here are some basic rules for understanding how to use these articles:

The is the definite article. It is used before singular or plural nouns that are specific or particular. Here are some examples:

“The girl who lives next door to me is really cute.” This refers to a particular girl: the girl who lives next door. “The president is a busy man.” There is only one president, so we are referring to a specific noun here. “I love the books you gave me.” Again, we’re talking about particular books, the ones you gave me.

A/an are the indefinite articles. We use a/an before general, non-specific nouns or to indicate membership in a group. A/an can only be used with countable, singular nouns. Here are some examples of how to use a/an:

“Let’s go see a movie tonight.” We aren’t talking about a specific movie, as we haven’t said which movie we want to see. “Cassie is an actor.” Cassie belongs to a group: actors. We use “an” instead of “a” because “actor” begins with a vowel. “I hope I get a car for my birthday.” This refers to any car. I don’t know which car yet because I haven’t gotten the car.

Finally, all articles in English are invariable, meaning that they do not change if the noun is singular or plural, masculine or feminine. There are no other forms of the, an, or a.

Which is correct, “He didn’t like a movie I showed him,” or, “He didn’t like the movie I showed him”(correct)?

### Vocab
- 牙龈上火 英语怎么说?  Gum inflammation.
  For instance: I have a gum inflammation.

- frustration /frʌsˈtreɪ.ʃən/ n. / the feeling of being annoyed or less confident because you cannot achieve what you want, or something that makes you feel like this.
  I could sense his frustration at not being able to help.

  This job has more than its fair share of frustration.

- vent / v. / tell one's problems to another person. 发泄
  I'm thankful my best friend always listens to me when I need to vent.

- let off / v. / release, let go of.
  I had to let off steam and went to pay basketball.

- inner / adj. / of or relating to a person's mind or spirit; within.
  Len had to listen to his inner voice and decided to not to on the trip.

  You have to listen to your inner voice and decided to where to go or what to do.

- evolve / v. / change; grow; develop.
  I don't think my little brother wants to evolve. He wants to stay a kid forever.

- physical / adj. / relating to a person's body.
  He said that teaching his students to play basketball was much more physical than taching math.

- mental health / n. / way one feels and thinks.
  My dad exercises a lot, but his mental health isn't very good. He gets very angry and stressed out because of his job.

- counselor /'kaʊnslɚ/ n. / person who gives advice as a job.
  Len has been feeling better since he started to see a new counselor.

- session / n. / period of time that is used to do a particular activity.
  Before we perform, we should have a few partice sessions.

- self-awareness / n. / knowledge of one's own personality or character.
  He self-awarnedd was unusual in such a young child.

- cathartic /kəˈθɑːr.sɪs/ adj. / causing or allowing someone to let go of a strong emotion.
  Running is very cathartic for me when I'm feeling stressed.
