---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-03-26 10:58:46
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- March Daily English
---

### Sleeping in

#### Intro
When you're tired or haven't been sleeping well, the best feeling is to get
extra time to lounge in bed. It's always great to sleep in when you don't have
to wake up at a specific time. Whether it's a few more minutes or an hour or two,
getting more rest in your comfy bed is such a great feeling.

Our lives are so busy and we always seem to be on a schedule. So it's a real treat to
not have something to do and just lie in bed for as long as you like. When you do finally
feel like you're ready to begin your day, you feel more relaxed and ready to get things done.

Jessica teels Gary about how she's been sleeping in more often.

<!-- more -->

<audio id="audio" controls="" preload="none">
  <source id="mp3" src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6855_1425688081_903713.mp3">
</audio>

#### Dialogue
A: Gary      B: Jessica

A: So, you've been sleeping in more?
B: I have been sleeping in more. I used to be an early morning person. And now 
I just like to lounge and lay in bed. It's so comfy.
A: I guess I wake up with the sun. I'm an early riser.
B: Are you?
A: And also, I'm such a light sleeper.
B: Oh, really?
A: If our neighbors are making any noise, I'll actually wake up to it. So,
if they're making breakfast, my mind just says, "Hey, get up! It's time to go eat!"
B: I wish I could just wake up when I saw the sun or heard noises outside. I got in 
the habit of hitting snooze too many times. And then I'm usually groggy if I do get up too early.
A: So the bed is a bit of a refuge for you from the world.
B: Exactly. Yes.
A: It's nice to escape. I've had a hard time sleeping in. I've actually tried. 
And I just can't do it.
B: I'll give you some pointers.

#### Discussion
Jessica has started to sleep in more often. Her bed is just so comfy and it's a great 
feeling to keep sleeping in the morning. Sometimes she does wish that she could wake up
a little earlier, but getting more sleep just feels so nice that she's trying to get Gary
to sleep in more often.

Gary says that he's a light sleeper and can't sleep in. When he hears his neighbors making
breakfast, it wakes him. He's an early riser and usually gets up with the sun. He tells Jessica
that he's tried to sleep in, but woke up anyway.

Do you like sleeping in? How often do you use the snooze button?

#### Grammar Point
Phrasal Verbs

Jessica says, "I have been sleeping in more." She uses a phrasal verb.

Phrasal verbs are composed of a verb + a preposition or adverb that changes the original meaning
of the verb. For instance, a lot of phrasal verb take the preposition "out." Examples include
break out (get away from), hand out (give to people), and, of course, make out (kiss a lot).

Some phrasal verbs are non-separable, meaning the preposition must directly follow the verb. For
instance, you can say "I dropped by the bar," but not "I dropped the bar by" because drop by is
non-separable

On the other hand, drop off is separable. You can say, "I have to drop off my son at school," or, "I
have to drop my son off at school."

Which is correct, "If you want the job, you really have to go after it."(√) or, "If you want the job, you
really have to go it after."


#### Vocabulary
1. light sleeper / n. / person who is easily woken up.
  My wife is such a light sleeper that she wakes up every time I move.

2. habit / n. / something one does again and again.
  She has a bad habit of **biting her nails** when she's upset. *咬指甲*

3. groggy /ˈɡrɑː.ɡi/ adj. / still sleepy after waking up. 无力的
  When I called Mike yesterday morning, he answered but was very groggy/

4. refuge /ˈref.juːdʒ/ n. / place that provides protection; comfortable place.
  The cat took refuge from the rain inside the house.

5. lounge /laʊndʒ/ v. / a room in a hotel, airport, theatre, ect, where people can relax or wait.
  This weekend, I don't wanna do anything except **lounge around** the house. 闲逛

6. comfy / adj. / comfortable; cozy
  The bed is so comfy that I don't ever want to get out of it.

7. treat / n. / good thing; special gift.
  It was a treat seeing Jason again. It has been so long since the last time I saw him.

8. snooze button / n. / button that stops an alarm so that the sleeper can rest more before the alarm sounds again.
  Aaron was so tired that he hit the snooze button five times before waking up.

9. escape / v. / get away from.
  I like to escape the city every once in a while and go to the beach.

10. early riser / n. / one who gets up early in the morning. 早起的人
  He's always been a early riser. He enjoys seeing the sun rise.