---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-03-27 21:51:50
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- March Daily English
---

### Camping

#### Intro
These days, it's hard to find time to spend in the great outdoors. Most people have to work
or go to school inside of a building. But sometimes, one needs to leave the city and breathes
some fresh air. Camping is a great way to get away from all the noise of daily life.

One of the best things about camping is that one can do it anywhere. For people who like the
beach, one can simply set up a tent right on the sand. Some people like the mountains more and might even camp in the snow. Many people like camping because it is easier to see the
stars away from city lights. Camping lets people take a break from normal life.

Jessica is excited to camp with her friends this summer. But does Julie like camping?

<!-- more -->

<audio id="audio" controls="" preload="none">
  <source id="mp3" src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6865_1426046115_546355.mp3">
</audio>

#### Dialogue
A: Jessica      B: Julie

A: So, Julie.
B: Yes?
A: I just started to get all of my plans together to go camping this summer. And I am so
excited to get back outdoors, and watch the sunset and the sunrise when it's not freezing
cold outside.
B: Do you camp a lot?
A: I do. Not as much as I would like to, but I do a big camping trip every year. And all 
of our friends get together with our camping gear, and our backpacks and sleeping bags. It's
wonderful.
B: Do you go the whole nine yards and build a campfire and roast s'mores and all that?
A: Absolutely. I don't think you can go camping without s'mores. But until then I've just
been hiking, and trying to enjoy nature without the overnight camping aspect. Do you like to
go camping?
B: I love camping. I camp at every opportunity that I have. But it's hard because I work
several jobs and it's hard to carve out that time to get outside. But I do love it, it's very
therapeutic.

#### Discussion
Jessica is planing on going camping this summer. Every year, she and her friends like to get
their sleeping bags and find somewhere new to sleep outside. She likes to eat s'mores, and
thinks that no camping trip is complete without them.

Julie is sad doesn't have much time for camping. She says it is hard to work multiple jobs and
still be able to camp. She finds camping therapeutic, and goes whenever she can.

#### Grammar Point
**Plural vs. Possessive “S”**

Jessica likes camping with her friends. She says “And all of our friends get together with our camping gear, and our backpacks and sleeping bags. It’s wonderful.” She uses the plural “s”. 

Most nouns form the plural by adding -s or -es. For example, boat becomes boats, or hat becomes hats.

A noun ending with a consonant and the letter y forms the plural by adding -ies. For instance, city becomes cities, and baby becomes babies.

This is not true for all nouns. There are many irregular plural nouns, such as woman (women), potato (potatoes), or tooth (teeth), and some nouns are the same in both the singular and plural forms (such as sheep and fish), but most nouns are made plural by adding -s, -es or -ies.

When we want to show that something belongs to somebody or something, we usually add ’s to a singular noun, and an apostrophe ‘ to a plural noun. For example, the boy’s ball (one boy) or the boys’ ball (two boys). The number of balls doesn’t matter, only the number of possessors (in this case, boys).

We often use possessive ’s with proper nouns (names): Mary’s car, Sarah’s son, or Robert’s book. If the name ends in s, like Charles, we usually treat it like a singular noun and add ’s: Charles’s friend. However, it is also correct to just add the apostrophe: Charles’ friend. 

Which is correct, “Madison has a lot of shoe’s,” or, “Madison has a lot of shoes”?

#### Vocab
- campfire / n. / fire that you build to cook and stay warm with while
  I like to sit by the campfire and roast marshmallows.

- s'mores / n. / sweet snack made with a chocolate bar, marshmallows, and graham crackers.
  I can't wait to build a camfire and make s'mores tonight.

- aspect / n. / side, part of something, particular point of view.
  Seeing all the kids is one aspect of being a bus driver that I like.

- carve out time / expr. / make free time for important activities; set aside time to do something.
  In order to be healthy, you really need to carve out time to spend at the gym. Fitness is important!

  No matter how busy you are at work, it's important to carve out time to spend with your family.

  When Sam went back to college, he had to carve out time for homework around his full-time job.

- the great outdoors / expr. / the woods, the wilderness, the wild.
  This is the great outdoors! There isn't a supermarket for miles!

- fresh air / n. / clean air outside.
  It was nice to get away from the city and have a breath of fresh air.

- tent / n. / shelter made of fabric that one sleeps in when camping
  My tent only fits two people so we'll have ti bring another one this weekend.

- sleeping bag / n. / large, warm bag that you sleep in when you go camping.
  My sleeping bag is so warm and comfortable that I don't even need a tent.

- therapeutic / adj. / helping a person feel better.
  I think that gardening is very therapeutic after a long day at work. It relaxes me.

- the whole nine yards / expr. / everything, the whole thing; something in its entirety.
  She's going the whole nine yards for this party; hiring cateres, valets and servers. It's
  gonna be fun!