---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-03-28 21:09:42
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- March Daily English
---

### take for granted
to believe something to be the truth without even thinking about it. 理所当然


#### Quote
I love making music and performing for my fans. I'm not taking a moment of this for granted.
And if I'm lucky, I'll be able to keep doing this.

#### Meaning
not value or appreciate; assume that something or someone will always be there.

<!-- more -->

#### Use
In classic stories, a lucky person meet a fairy or a genie who will grant three whishes.
Whatever the person wants, he gets...up to three things.

In real life, we're not usually granted magical wishes, but we do get a lot of good things,
such as friends, money, jobs, cars, spouses, and pets. It's important that we don't take these
speical people and things for granted. If you have something available all the time, you might
not see how speical it is unless it's gone. And sometimes, even though you might know somebody
is really important to you, you forget to tell that person thank you. That's when you're taking
him or her for granted.

Pop star Arianna Grande knows how lucky she is to have the job she does. She loves singing and 
performing. She does it all the time, but she's not taking it for granted. She's thankful for the 
opportunity to do what she loves.

Do you take anything in your life for granted? Does anyone take you for granted?

#### Examples
You shouldn't take your friend lan for granted. He is a great person and has done a lot for you,
but sometimes you don't call him for months at a time.

Paul takes his health for granted. But if he doesn't start eating healthier, it won't last.

I definitely take my car for granted. When it's in the shop, I don't know what to do!

####　Vocab
- granted / conjunction / used to admit that something is true, before saying something else about it.
  Granted that the story's true, there's not a lot you can do about it.

  Granted, many horror films don't make sense until the ending, but they are at least provide a few
  scares along the way.

- fairy / n. or adj. /  an imaginary creature with magic powers, usually represented as a very small person with winds. 
  Do you believe in fairies?

  She used to think there were fairies at the bottom of her garden.

- genie / n. / a magical spirit, originally in Arab traditional stories, who does or provides
  whatever the person who control it asks. 妖怪，鬼

(genius) 

- spouse / n. / a person's husband or wife.