---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-04-01 21:08:08
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- April Daily English
---

### no pain, no gain

#### Quote
I've been working on this essay on my laptop for about three hours now. But if I want a good grade, you know what they say...**no pain, no gain.**

#### Meaning
one will not get something valuable without sacrifice

<!-- more -->

#### Use
It's getting late, but Kat is still working on an essay for class. She really wants a goog grade, so she is working extra hard. After all, no pain, no gain. If she pushes herself, she might feel really tired, but she might also get a great grade.

The expression *no pain, no gain* suggests that a person must feel some pain, or make some sacrifice, in order to get what they want. People often say this when they are training for a sport, working toward a degree, or trying to get something they really want. Do you believe in the idea of no pain, no gain? When was the last time to worked extra for something?

#### Examples
- Running five miles every day is tiring, but no pain, no gain!
- I nedd to study until I pass the TOEFL. No pain, no gain!
- No pain, no gain, my friend! You need to work harder if you want to get a promotion.

#### Vocab
- sacrifice /ˈsæk.rə.faɪs/ v. /  to give up something that is valuable to you in order to help another person.
  Many women sacrifice interesting careers for their families.

- essay /ˈes.eɪ/ n. / a short piece of writing on a particular subject, especially one done by students as part of the work for a course.
  For homework I want you to write an essay on endangered species.

  Mr Jones thought my history essay was terrific.