---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-04-09 21:13:24
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- April Daily English
---

### Instagram

### Intro
Before there was the internet, people would invite friends and family to their homes to look at pictures from important life events. They also sent photos through the mail to let people know about a vacation they just went on, or of a new baby in the family. But today, social media has made sharing pictures much easier.

Instagram is an app that is a great way to share pics from your daily life. Your friends and family can follow your account to see what's going on with you. While some people want to know everything, it might be too much information for others!

Julie and Jessica talk about why they don't really use or understand Instagram.

<!-- more -->

<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6871_1427168890_355995.mp3" />
</audio>

### Dialogue
A: Jessica      B: Julie

A: I do not understand the `obsession` with Instagram. Are you on Instagram?
B: I post things to my business's account. But I don't follow anybody.
A: I created an account, but I don't really understand it. Just to `peek` into someone's life, it's very strange.
B: I agree.
A: I do have a friend who is `obsessed` with Instagram. She posts all of these photos with `visual effects`. She puts all of these `filters` on the pictures. And they look really cool. That would be interesting if I learned how to do that.
B: I agree. I just don't understand why they have to be posted to Instagram. You can make photos with great visual effects and post them anywhere. Send them to your friends or put them on Facebook. Why does it have to be `exclusively` on Instagram?
A: Exactly, There are so many social media sites out there.
B: There are too many.
A: Maybe I'll check it out again sometime. See what all the `hype` is.

### Discussion
Julie doesn't really understand why people like to post pictures to Instagram, or even why users follow other people. She wonders why people like using Instagram so much when there are so many other ways to share photos.
Jessica has an account, but doesn't post pictures. She also doesn't understand all of the attention people give to Instagram. Still, she thinks that she might give Instagram a try after seeing how her friends has posted interesting photos to it.

### Grammar Point
*Relative Pronouns* 关系代词

Jessica says, "I do have a friend who is obsessed with Instagram." Jessica uses a realtive pronouns.

*Relative Pronouns* are used to *give more information about a person or a thing.* There are five realtive pronouns: **who, whom, which, whose and that.**

The name realtive means these pronouns relate, or tell about, the world they modify. For example, "The man who drove my car is my brother." `Who` is a relative pronoun that gives more information about "the man." 

When talking about people, we use who (for the subject) and whom (for the object). For example, "My friend who just had a baby quit her job," or, "My friend whom I met for drinks last night is moving soon."

The relative pronoun whose is used to "show ownership", as in, "The person whose car this is must have a lot of money."

Both `which` and `that` are used to *modify things*. For example, "This is the book that I was talking about," and, "That house, which has a big yard, would be good for a large family."

Which is correct, "Do you know who's pet is the smartest?" or, "Do you know whose pet is the smartest?"(√)

### Vocab
peek / v. / look quickly, often through a small opening.
  Let's peek in the window to see if Mom's here.

obsess / v. / think and talk about someone or something too much.
  I don't think it's good for children to have parents who obsess over them all the time.

visual effects[ɪ'fekts]  / n. / changes to an image to make it more interesting to look at. 视觉效果
  Cindy is an artist who uses visual effects to make her photos look like they are from the future.

filter / n. / camera tool used to change the way a photo looks. 滤镜
  Damian uses a filter to change the look of his photos all of the time.

exclusive [ɪk'skluːsɪv] / adj. / not shared; available to only one person or group. 独有的;专一的
  Serena went dancing at an exclusive club this weekend.
  
social media / n. / websites uesd to share information, ideas, and messages (e.g. Facebook or Twitter)
  Even my mom has started using social media. She has her own blog!

app / n. / short of application; computer program for one's phone or tablet.
  My bank has an app that allows me to pay for things with my phone.

follow / v. / keep up with; know the news about
  Do you follow international politics much? What's going on in Israel right now?

account / n. / arrangement in which a person uses the Internet or email services of a company.
  You need to create an account before you can buy things from that website.

hype / n. / talk or writing that is menat to make people excited about or interested in something or someone. 炒作
  There's been a lot of hype around/surrounding his late film.

  hype sb up / to make someone feel very excited. 使某人兴奋