---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-04-04 22:14:27
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- April Daily English
---

### Play around
Stop playing around and get on with your homework!

### Quote
When we were shooting, we definitely played around with that. Mikey is girl-crazy!

Actress Megan Fox, talking about filming the movie Teenage Mutant Nijna Turtles

### Meaning
have fun; mess around with; enjoy `interacting` with

### Use
Children, adults, and animals around the world love to play. When we're not working or sleeping, we're probably doing something that we enjoy. Playing is a way to relax, to have fun, and to forget about things that are difficult or stressful.

Playing around is a kind of playing. When somebody is playing around, he is joking or having fun with someone else. A little girl who starts putting on her monther's makeup will probably say she is just playing around. And a boy who is `wrestling` with his friends is also playing around. Sometimes it's Ok to play around, but if it goes too far, somebody might get hurt.

Actress Megan Fox said she and other Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles cast members had fun playing around on the movie set. They pretended that the turtle Michelangelo was girl-carzy, so they made a lot of jokes about that.

When (and with whom) do you like to play around? Do you know anyone who has gotten hurt when playing around.

### Example
We went to the park last night to play around with out neighbor's dog.

Tim's study group plays around a lot when they're working. It's amazing they get anything done!

Allie's dad always plays around with her friends. He pretends to be sick or hurt, and her friends believe him!


### Vocab
interact [ɪn.t̬ɚˈækt] / v. / to communicate with or react to 相互影响
  It's interesting at parties to see how people interact socially.

wrestling [ˈres.lɪŋ] / n. / a sport in which two people fight and try to throw each other to the ground. 摔跤