---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-04-02 21:05:05
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- April Daily English
---

### High Maintenance

#### Intro
You and a friend have decided to `backpack` through the Alps. You are very excited about seeing some of the most beautiful mountains in the world. You are the type of person who could sleep almost anywhere. Cheap `hostels`? No problem. A tent in the woods? Absolutely. You like to `drift` from place to place without any `agenda`, and you don't need very many things to be comfortable.

You friend, however, wants to `check into` expensive hotels. He would never be able to sleep in a cheap hostel! He needs to have icer in all his drinks and apply `sunscreen` every hour. You might say that your friend is very `high maintenance`. When someone is high maintenance, this means that they need a lot of attention, and a lot of things, to be comfortable. You high maintenance friend is probably a lot of fun at fancy restaurants, but hiking through the woods might not be his thing.

Dominique and Kelsey are at the river. One of them admits to being pretty high maintenance.

<!-- more -->

<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0007/7561_1507160058_825069.mp3"/>
</audio>

#### Dialogue
A: Dominique     B: Kelesy      C: Andy_H

A: Where would you go if you had two weeks?
B: Like anywhere?
A: Anywhere.
B: Ugh...I don't know! Right now, `Nashville`.
A: Nashville? Really?
B: Yeah! It'd be fun! All the music there...super inspiring. Or maybe, backpack around Europe.
A: Eww. Really? Backpack?
B: Yeah! Wouldn't it be fun? No real plan, just drift from city to city, stay in hostels, meet people, `absorb` everything.
A: I'd be into Europe, but I'll be honest, I am way too high maintenance to go backpack. I'd want to pack for an `occasional` fancy dinner, `casual` times, beach times, museum times, travel days...Tell me you're here.
C: Well, almost. Actually, I haven't left, yet.
A: What? Here, you talk to him.
B: Where are you?
C: Still at home. I got the cooler, but I wanted to check in and see if you wanted me to grab anything to put in it.
B: ICE, Andy!
C: Oh, yeah. Snacks? Drinks?
B: We have those, we just need the cooler and ice.
C: Cool! Will do! I just need to put on some sunscreen and them grab a towel and, maybe, extra clothes to `change into` `afterwards`, and then I'll be right out the door!
B: Speaking of high maintenance.
A: Just put some on when you get out here.
C: You're supposed to put it on 20 minutes before `exposure` to the sun.
B: Andy, get in the car, and get out here!
C: OK. It's just that, in my dream last night, I forget to put on sunscreen, and it was a really big deal because I...
B: Andy! Later! Put! Body! In! Car!
C: OK. OK. Ok!

#### Discussion
Dominique and Kelsey are `lounging` by the river. Dominique asks kelsey, if she could go anywhere for two weeks, where would she go. Kelsey says Nashville or backpack around Europe. Dominique thinks backpacking around Europe sounds `icky`. She's way too high maintenance to stay in hostels.

Dominique's phone rings, and it's Andy. He still hasn't left. Dominique is annoyed and hands the phone to Kelsey. Andy needs to know what he should put in the cooler. Kelsey tells him to get some ice, then go out the river. Andy says he'll be on his way as soon as he gets the ice, puts on sunscreen, grabs an extra towel, and packs a change of clothes. Talk about high maintenance!

Are you high maintenance? What everyday comforts do you think you could live without?

#### Vocabulary
1. soak /soʊk/ sth up / expr. / If a dry mateial or substance soaks up a liquid, it absorbs the liquid through its surface. 吸收
  I tried to soak up most of the spilled milk with a dishcloth.

2. substance /ˈsʌb.stəns/ n. / material with particular physical characteristics.
  What `sort of` substance could `withstand` those temperatures? 什么样的材质可以承受这样的温度

3. absorb /əbˈzɔːrb/ v. / to take something in, especially `gradually`.
  Plants absord carbon dioxide. 植物吸收二氧化碳
  - gradually /ˈɡrædʒ.u.ə.li/ adv. / slowly over a period of time or a distance.
  - carbon /ˈkɑːr.bən/ a chemical element that exists in its pure form as diamond or graphite, and is an important part of other substances such as coal and oil, as well as being contained in all plants and animals. （碳）
  - dioxide /daɪˈɑːk.saɪd/ n. / a `chemical` substance `consisting` of two atoms of oxygen combined with one atom of another element. 一种由两个氧原子和另一种元素组合成的化学物质。（氧化物）
  - oxygen /ˈɑːk.sɪ.dʒən/ n. / a chemical element that is a gas with no small or color. 无色无味的化学元素。（氧气）

4. dishcloth /ˈdɪʃ.klɑːθ/ n. / a cloth for washing and cleaning dirty plates, cups, forks, etc.
  - cloth /klɑːθ/ n. / a type of `woven`(织) /ˈwoʊ.vən/ material. 布

5. backpack / n. / a large bag used to carry things on your back, used especially by people who go camping or walking. 双肩背包
  It's a frame backpack with a belt and padded `shoulder straps`(肩带).

6. hostel /ˈhɑː.stəl/ n. / a large house where people can stay free or cheaply. 旅社，招待所（尤指青年旅社）
  A studen hostel. 

7. high maintenance / expr. / someone who is really hard to care.  难伺候
  My brother is really high maintenance.

  - maintenance /ˈmeɪn.tən.əns/ n. / the work needed to keep a road, building, machine, etc. in good condition. 维护，维修，保持

8. drift /drɪft/ v. / to move slowly, especially as a result of outside forces, with no control over direction. 漂流
  No one notice that the boat had begun to drift out to sea. 

9. agenda /əˈdʒen.də/ n. / a list of matters to be discussed at a meeting. 议程；日常工作事项；日程表
  There were several important items on the agenda.

10. check into 调查

11. sunscreen /ˈsʌn.skriːn/ n. / a substance that you put on your skin to prevent it from being `damaged` by the sun. 防晒霜. 被动语态
  - damage /ˈdæm.ɪdʒ/ v. / to harm or spoil something. 损害

12. Nashville /ˈnæʃ.vɪl/ n. / the capital and largest city of the southeastern US state of Tennessee and the centre of the country music industry. 那什维尔（美国田纳西州首府）

13. occasional / adj. / not happening or done often or regularly. 偶然的 

14. casual /ˈkɑː.zəl/ adj. / causal relationship, link, etc. 因果关系
  - casual time 休闲时间

15. change into 变成；把...变成

16. afterward /ˈæf·tər·wərd/ adv. / after the time mentioned; later. 以后，后来

17. exposure /ɪkˈspoʊ.ʒɚ/ n. / the fact of experiencing something or being affected by it bacause of being in a particular situation or place. 暴露，曝光
  You should always limit your exposure to the sun.

18. lounge /laʊndʒ/ a room in a hotel, airport, theatre, etc. where people can realx or wait.
  An airport lounge.

19. icky /ˈɪk.i/ adj. / unpleasant, especially to look at. 讨厌的
  An icky shade of green.