---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-04-18 20:55:30
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- April Daily English
---

### Count out
不指望

### Quote
That's the best time...when people count you out.

NBA star Kobe Bryant, talking about the LA lakers' upcoming seaon.

### Meaning
not except anything from a person or team; think someone will lose.

<!-- more -->

### Use
Counting is an important part of life. We learn to count when we're young. And we keep counting throughout life. Whether it's countries we've visisted, miles our car gets for each tank of gas, or the calories we've eaten, we're always counting.

When we count something out, though, it means we're finished with it. We stop counting because we're done. After a friend doesn't show up for five meetings in a row, you'll probably count her out and stop inviting her to coffee. If a team loses all of its good players right before the season begins, everyone except the most loyal fans will count it out for the season. They're obviously not going to win.

Professional basketball star Kobe Bryant actually thinks it's a good thing when people count his team out. That way the team can come from behind and surprise everyone.

Have you ever been counted out? When do you count something out?

### Examples
Even though many people counted Germany out, they still won the 2014 World Cup.

We have three injured players, so you can count us out for out next game.

Susan has never played Settlers of Catan before, so you can definitely count her out. She won't win!