---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-04-10 20:47:32
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- April Daily English
---

### Public Bathrooms

### Intro
When you've got to go, you've got to go! But finding a public restroom isn't always esay, and there aren't many good `alternatives`. At most stores in the US, restrooms are for customers only, so you need to buy something in order to use the bathroom. It's the same at most restaurants. You must buy some food or a drink if you want to use the bathroom.

The good news is that many public places in the US, like city parks and downtown areas, have public restrooms on the street. However, the `flip side` of this is that they aren't usually very clean. Sometimes, the `soap dispensers` are empty, or they are no paper towels or toilet paper. But when it's an emergency situation, these public bathrooms are very helpful.

Marni and Jessica are talking about their experience with public bathrooms.

<!-- more -->

<audio controls>
  <source url="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0007/7111_1455747049_708393.mp3" />
</audio>

### Dialogue
A: Marni      B: Jessica

A: You know what's the worst?
B: What?
A: When you have to go to the bathroom so badly, and you just cannot find a public restroom.
B: It's so true, and there aren't very many alternatives.
A: No. And I feel like we're so luckly in the US because we have a lot of public restrooms. If you've travled `extensively`, you don't always get to places that have them.
B: Exactly.
A: And then you realize...pretty lucky. Now, the flip side of that is that they are not always the cleanest places, are they?
B: I know! I always worry about my `hygiene` when I go in. I was in a public restroom the other day, and there were no soap dispensers and no paper towels.
A: I understand. And sometimes, there's a lack of privacy, like there's not really doors, and the door doesn't lock. But you know, when it's an emergency, they're your best resource.
B: I am glad we have options.

### Discussion
Marni and Jessica agree that public bathrooms have advantages and disadvantages. They are not usually clean places, and Jessica worries about her hygiene whenever she uses a public restroom. Also, bacause they are public, these bathrooms are often missing `necessary supplies`, like soap and paper towels. And they don't always give people ennough privacy.

However, Marni and Jessica also think that, in an emergency situation, a public restroom us a wonderful resource. Not every country has restrooms for people to use when they are traveling around town. Marni thinks people in the US should feel lucky because they have the option to use public restrooms, and Jessica agrees with her.

### Grammar Point
*Tag Questions*

Marni and Jessica are talking about public bathrooms. Marni says, “Now, the flipside of that is that they are not always the cleanest places, are they?” She uses a tag question.

Tag questions are two word tags added to the end of a statement to make a question. Tag questions give the other person a chance to reply to something that has been said. Although we can use different words to make tag questions, they all mean the same thing: “Do you agree?” or “Am I right?”

We can make tag questions with both positive and negative statements. Positive statements will always have negative question tags, and negative statements will always have positive question tags.

To make a tag for a positive statement, use the negative form of the first auxiliary verb + subject (or its pronoun), as in, “Jane has already seen the movie, hasn’t she?” or, “You are studying tonight, aren’t you?”

To make a tag for a negative statement, use the positive form of the auxiliary verb + subject (or pronoun), as in, “We didn’t eat very much, did we?” Marni uses this type of tag question when she asks, “They are not always the cleanest places, are they?”

For sentences that do not have auxiliary verbs, use do, does, or did. Like other tag questions, make a negative tag for a positive sentence and make a positive tag for a negative sentence. For example, “They don’t have a car, do they?” or, “I forgot my lunch again, didn’t I?”

Tag questions can be used in past, present, or future tense, so it’s important to match the tense of the tag question to the tense of the original statement. For example, “We didn’t get very far, did we?” or, “They will be there, won’t they?”

Which is correct, “They are very dirty, are they,” or, “They are very dirty, aren’t they,”(correct)?

### Vocab
paper toewl / n. / soft, thick paper of drying one's hands
  Oh, no! I spilled my coffee. Please, bring me a paper towel.

resource / n. / place or thing that provides somethign useful.
  The library is a great resource for research.

emergency / n. / very serious or dangerous situation
  It's not an emergency yet, but we are almost out of gas.

extensively / adv. / doing something to considerable extent; to a great degree; with much energy and foucs.
  My sister is lucky to have traveled extensively through Italy.

hygiene['haɪdʒiːn] n. / clean or healthy partices. 卫生
  I can't date someone without really good personal hygiene.

privacy / n. / information or time only for oneself; secrets; isolation(隔离).
  I have some family members in town this week, so I don't have much privacy at home right now.

restroom / n. / bathroom; room with toilets for the public.
  Excuse me. I'm going to use the restroom before we sit down.

alternative / n. / different choice, other option. 二选一
  The alternative to going to college is getting a job. I'd rather go to college.

flip side / n. / less popular or opposite perspective about something. 相反地 (on the other hand)
  I love taste of chocolate cake, but the flip side is that it makes me fat.

soap dispenser[dɪ'spensə] / n. / small container or machine that one can get soap from. 肥皂机
  The sopa dispenser in the bathroom is empty.
