---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-04-11 20:53:48
comment: true
categories:
- English
tags:
- April Daily English
---


### level the playing field

### Quote
I've written a song about it and I'v leveled the playing field

Singer Ed Sheeran, discussing a song he wrote about a mystery girl.

### Meaning
strive for fairness; give the same opportunities to all.

<!-- more -->

### Use
Most of the time when you play sports, you want to be on the team that is stronger, and all-around better. It's natural to want to win, and having an athletic team is definitely important. However, if you're just learning how to play a sport, having one very strong team and one very weak team isn't much fun. Neither team will enjoy the game.

In order to help everyone get a chance to play, especially during partice, coaches try to level the playing field. They do this by splitting up the most talented players into two groups. That way, both teams have an equal number of players who play well and those who still need to improve. But when you level the playing field, you know that everyone will have to play hard. Both teams have the same amount of talent, so either side could win.

Singer Ed Sheeran said he leveled the playing field when he told fans he wrote a song about a mystery girl. Lots of people were making guesses about who the song was about. Although Ed didn't tell anyone the girl's name, he made the guessing game more fair by giving fans and reported a hint.

### Example
It's important to level the playing field by giving all children a chance to go to college.

Government money can level the playing field for farmers when they have a bad year.

It can help to level the playing field when cities make the internet available to everyone.

### Vocab
level the playing field / expr. / 公平竞争

mystery /ˈmɪs.tɚ.i/ n. / equal secret

strive /straɪv/ verb. / to try very hard to do something or to make something happen, especially for a long time or against difficults.
  In her writing she strove for a balance between innovation and familiar prose forms. 努力, 奋斗, 抗争

fairness / n. / 公平

athletic /æθˈlet.ɪk/ adj. / strong, healthy, and good at sports. 运动的,运动员的,健壮的



