---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-04-24 20:46:19
tags:
- April Daily English
comment: true
categories:
- English
---


### Housework

### Intro
Having a house is a big responsibility. Not only do you have to pay for rent, but you also need to keep your home clean.

Some household tasks, or chores, happen all the time. You’ll always need to dust, and to vacuum, and to do the dishes. Nothing stays clean, and nothing cleans itself. Even when life is busy, it’s important to keep things clean. It’s likely you’ll be more relaxed if you aren’t worried about your house getting dirtier and dirtier.

Traditionally, women have been responsible for housework. But today, it just depends on people’s workload. Sometimes the woman works long hours at the office, and it’s easier for the man to clean the house. Sometimes, the woman spends her day at home and has time to clean while her husband works. As long as both people agree, it’s definitely OK to share cleaning responsibilities.

<!-- more -->

<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6588_1395633650_943313.mp3" />
</audio>

### Dialogue
Jessica: I can’t believe I have to do all of this housework again. I just did it last week.

Lily: Oh, really? I didn’t even notice that it got dirty again. That’s weird.

Jessica: I have to dust. Look at how dusty everything is. And then, when you dust, you have to vacuum because the dust gets everywhere. 

Lily: That’s true. I never actually really do the housework. People ask me to do the dishes and stuff, but I always forget. I have a lot going on. I don’t have time to put up with all of the cleaning. 

Jessica: Well, I am so much more relaxed when the house is spotless. It just doesn’t bother me to do the dishes, especially after I make dinner, if I do them right away. But it really bothers me when I have to do all of the housework all the time. 

Lily: But doesn’t it bother you, the gender roles thing, where women have to clean the house all the time, and it’s never the guys that have to do anything.

Jessica: I see where you’re coming from, but I feel like if we could just share the workload among all of the housemates, it would be much easier.

Lily: Oh.


### Discussion
Jessica is complaining to Lily about all the housework she has to do. She just cleaned, but the house is already dirty again.

It turns out that Lily doesn’t really notice how dirty the house is. She doesn’t clean or pay attention to what housework needs to be done. Lily says she’s really busy and doesn’t have time to put up with cleaning.

Jessica doesn’t mind some cleaning. For example, she always washes the dishes right after dinner. Lily tells Jessica she doesn’t think that women should always be the only ones to clean. Jessica understands Lily’s point, but for her, it’s more important that everyone living in the house helps out with the workload, including Lily.

Should Lily start doing some of the housework? Who takes care of cleaning in your home?

### Vocab
- have a lot going on / expr. / be busy; have many tasks and things to do
  Between work and school and my boyfriend, I’m always busy. I have a lot going on these days!

- put up with / v. / deal with; live with; tolerate
  I put up with my messy guest for three weeks!

- spotless / adj. / very clean; not dirty
  Amanda’s house is spotless. She makes sure everything is always clean and organized.

- bother / v. / cause someone to feel troubled, worried, or annoyed
  My sister loves to bother me.

- dust / v. / clean surfaces in a room; wipe away dirt
  Sandy is a good housecleaner, she even dusts the tops of bookshelves that nobody can see.

- vacuum / v. / clean the carpet with a machine that sucks up dirt
  Before my mother-in-law comes for a visit, I need to vacuum the living room.

- do the dishes / v. / wash plates, cups, and silverware; clean items in a kitchen used to cook and eat
  Alicia never does her dishes. I’m tired of cleaning her messy plates!

- relaxed / adj. / not stressed; easy-going
  My cat is so relaxed. All he ever does is sleep!

- gender roles / n. / idea that some tasks are for men and some are for women
  In modern society, some gender roles are being reversed. Women can work full-time, and men can take care of the kids.

- workload / n. / total amount of work
  The workload for physics is really heavy. There is a lot of reading and homework.