---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-04-26 17:05:12
tags:
- April Daily English
categories:
- English
comment: true
---

### Starting a Band


### Intro
At some point in your life, you probably wanted to be in a band. It’s a common dream for people, young and old. Teenagers often practice their guitars or drums after school and on weekends, hoping to get good enough to form a band with friends. Some even write their own music. After all, being in a band is cool.

Only a few, rare bands make it big, though. And every band’s story is different. Some bands play together for years before getting a record deal. Some bands are in the right place at the right time, and suddenly they’re famous. It’s hard to know if and when a band is going to find fame and fortune.

Gary wants to start a band, but is he doing it for the right reasons?

<!-- more -->

<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6591_1396243245_595195.mp3" />
</audio>

### Dialogue
Gary: So, I have this really important thing that I need to ask you about, Marni.

Marni: Yeah, what is it?

Gary: A friend of mine plays guitar.

MarniL OK.

Gary: I can sing. I've got a drummer. And we'd really like to make it big as a band.

Marni: OK, well, I think it's great that you want to start a band. But maybe shooting for fame and fortune isn't the best approach.

Gary: OK, OK. A big thing...we want to go on tour. We want to see the world. We want some groupies. You know.

Marni: I think you need to get into this because you really love playing music. You guys don't want to be a one hit wonder.

Gary: Of course. We love playing together. It's a lot of fun. We want to tour. So, I think what I need from you is: should we, or shouldn't we? Should I give you a tape or a CD to listen to?

Marni: I guess I caution you on just having that be your goal. When I was in a band, it was just because we loved playing together and we loved making music. And we didn't care if we sold lots of records, or toured, or had groupies. We just wanted to make music.

Gary: I appreciate that. Thanks.

Marni: But I'll listen to your tape.

### Discussion
Gary wants to start a band. He has a guitarist and a drummer, and Gary can sing. His band is excited to play music in different cities, maybe even in different countries. In Gary's opinion, it would also be OK if the band got some groupies!

He wants advice from Marni who has been part of a band before. She thinks that Gary shouldn't start a band if his goal is to become famous and make a lot of money. Marni tells Gary that he should only be in a band if he's doing it because he loves to make music. He appreciates her advice, but it seems like the most important thing to Gary is to make it big.

Do you or did you ever sing or play in a band? Why do you think that people are so interested in becoming musicians?

### Vocab
- groupie / n. / person who follows a band and is obsessed with it.
  I would like to introduce myself to the band, but I don't want them to think I'm a groupie.

  I wonder how many groupies Eminem has.

  My mom has a wild past. Before she met my dad, she was a groupie who toured with the Rolling Stones!

- get into / v. / do or become involved with something.
  My little sister is always getting into my makeup without asking first.

- one hit wonder / expr. / musician or band who has only one popular song.
  Vanilla Ice was a one hit wonder. He only had one popular song during his career.

- caution / v. / give warning or advice.
  I need to caution my little sister about Mike. He likes her, but he's a jerk!

- make it big / expr. / become successful
  I hope that I make it big with my band. I want people to hear our music.

- record deal / n. / band's agreement with a music company to make a record (or CD)
  My brother just got a record deal. His album is coming out in 6 months.

- fame and fortune / expr. / popularity and money.
  Some people try to become movie stars because they want fame and fortune.

- shoot for / expr. / aim for, try to achieve.
  I probably won't get 100% on the biology exam, but I'm shooting for at least 85%.

- advice / n. / helpful guidance that one person gives another.
  My dad gave me some advice about getting a good job. Now I have a great job.

- go on tour / expr. / play music in cities one's country or the world.
  I can't believe Michael Jackson is planning to go on tour again.