---
title: Daily English
date: 2019-04-30 21:28:24
tags:
- April Daily English
categories:
- English
---

### Badminton
羽毛球

### Intro
In the United States, the three most popular sports are basketball, baseball, and American football. When Americans think about sports, badmintion doesn't usually come to mind. But in other parts of the world, like China, badminton is very popular. What sports you like is all about where you live.

Badminton is a racket sport, played either one on one or with doubles. The game is played on a badminton court, and the players must hit the shuttlecock over the net. Players score points by having the shuttlecock land in the other player's court.

Marni wants to play badminton at a party this weekend.

<!-- more -->

<audio controls>
  <source src="https://audio.englishbaby.com/standard_lesson/dialog_audio/0000/0000/0006/6889_1429676670_089107.mp3"/>
</audio>

### Dialogue
Marni: You know what game I think we should play at the party this weekend?

Kellie: What game?

Marni: The perfect lawn game. Badminton!

Kellie: You know what? I really want to learn how to play badminton.

Marni: It's so much fun. First of all, the little birdie that you hit, is called a shuttlecock.

Kellie: Is it hard?

Marni: It can be really fast paced. But I think you just have to embrace it and think of it as fun. It's kind of uncommon...not a lot of people play it. So I think you'll be in good company.

Kellie: It seems similar to tennis. Do you think so?

Marni: I guess somewhat. It's kind of, I think, a combination of tennis and volleyball.

Kellie: Can we play doubles?

Marni: Why not? We'll make up our own rules, right? I think it'll be a lot of fun and I think we're going to love it.

Kellie: Oh my gosh, I can't wait.

### Discussion
Marni wants to play badminton at a party this weekend. She thinks badminton is the perfect lawn game. Marni says that badminton is pretty uncommon, so most people aren't very good at it.

Kellie doesn't know how to play badminton. But she wants to learn, and she wants to play doubles with Marni. Marni thinks that once Kellie has a racket in her hand, she will love playing badminton.

Do you like playing badminton? What is your favorite sport?

### Vocab
- shuttlecock / n. / small object that must be hit over the net in badminton. 羽毛球

  Kevin and Erin wanted to play badminton, but they forgot the shuttlecocks.

- lawn / n. / beautiful cut grass outside of a building. 草坪

  The house I just moved into has a huge lawn. It's really nice to lay out there on a warm day.

- fast paced / adj. / something that moves fast; quickly moving. 快节奏

  My new job is very fast faced and hard. I'm on my feet all day and have to think fast.

- embrace / v. / accept; become comfortable and happy with. 信奉

  My sister is much happier now that she's embraced her love of books instead of being embarrassed by it.

- come to ming / expr. / think of (something) 想到

  Lucy is looking for a new career. One job that comes to mind is teaching because she loves kids.

- racket / n. / tool used to hit the ball in sports such as tennis. 球拍

  Sally bought a pink tennis racket yesterday.

- one on one / n. / when two athletes compete against each other without their teammates. 一对一

  Kobe could beat just about anyone one on one.

- doubles / n. / game, like tennis or badminton, with two players on each side. 二对二

  I love okaying tennis. My best friend and I played doubles in high-school.

- rule / n. / something you must do.

  My parents didn't give me a lot of rules when I was growing up, I had plenty of freedom.

- court / n. / place for playing sports, such as tennis or basketball. 球场

  The ball went off the court, so we had to start over. 



